 E-GEOD-48532 - Effects of Diet on Resource Utilization by a Model Human Gut Microbiota Containing Bacteroides cellulosilyticus WH2, a Symbiont with an Extensive Glycobiome (GeneChip) The human gut microbiota is an important metabolic organ, yet little is known about how its individual species interact, establish dominant positions, and respond to changes in environmental factors such as diet.     In this study, gnotobiotic mice were colonized with an artificial microbiota comprising 12 sequenced human gut bacterial species and fed oscillating diets of disparate composition.     Rapid, reproducible, and reversible changes in the structure of this assemblage were observed.     Time-series microbial RNA-Seq analyses revealed staggered functional responses to diet shifts throughout the assemblage that were heavily focused on carbohydrate and amino acid metabolism.     High-resolution shotgun metaproteomics confirmed many of these responses at a protein level.     One member, Bacteroides cellulosilyticus WH2, proved exceptionally fit regardless of diet.     Its genome encoded more carbohydrate active enzymes than any previously sequenced member of the Bacteroidetes.     Transcriptional profiling indicated that B. cellulosilyticus WH2 is an adaptive forager that tailors its versatile carbohydrate utilization strategy to available dietary polysaccharides, with a strong emphasis on plant-derived xylans abundant in dietary staples like cereal grains.     Two highly expressed, diet-specific polysaccharide utilization loci (PULs) in B. cellulosilyticus WH2 were identified, one with characteristics of xylan utilization systems.     Introduction of a B. cellulosilyticus WH2 library comprising  90,000 isogenic transposon mutants into gnotobiotic mice, along with the other artificial community members, confirmed that these loci represent critical diet-specific fitness determinants.     Carbohydrates that trigger dramatic increases in expression of these two loci and many of the organism’s 111 other predicted PULs were identified by RNA-Seq during in vitro growth on 31 distinct carbohydrate substrates, allowing us to better interpret in vivo RNA-Seq and proteomics data.     These results offer insight into how gut microbes adapt to dietary perturbations at both a community level and from the perspective of a well-adapted symbiont with exceptional saccharolytic capabilities, and illustrate the value of artificial communities.     An artificial community of 12 human gut bacterial species was introduced into germ-free male C57BL/6J mice at 10-12 weeks of age.     Mice were split into two treatment groups, with each treatment group receiving an oscillating diet regimen in which animals were switched between a low fat, high plant polysaccharide (LF/HPP) diet and a high fat, high sugar (HF/HS) diet at two week intervals.     One group was started on the LF/HPP diet, was switched to the HF/HS diet, and was then switched back to the LF/HPP diet.     The other group was started on the HF/HS diet, was switched to the LF/HPP diet, and was then switched back to the HF/HS diet.     Cecal contents were collected from each animal at the time of sacrifice which corresponded to the end of each treatment group's third diet phase.     Separate gene expression profiles for each of the 12 species in the artificial community were generated for each sample using a series of custom mask files.     14 total samples (7 from animals consuming the LF/HPP diet at the time of sacrifice, 7 from animals consuming the HF/HS diet at the time of sacrifice). 12 gene expression profiles per sample (1/species).
 E-GEOD-48537 - Effects of Diet on Resource Utilization by a Model Human Gut Microbiota Containing Bacteroides cellulosilyticus WH2, a Symbiont with an Extensive Glycobiome This SuperSeries is composed of the SubSeries listed below.     Refer to individual Series
 E-GEOD-8468 - Micro-RNAs levels in wildtype vs. Ahr-null adult mouse liver constitutively and in response to doxin treatment. Dioxin-like chemicals are well-known for their ability to upregulate expression of numerous genes via the AH receptor (AHR).  However, recent transcriptomic analyses in several laboratories indicate that dioxin-like chemicals or AHR genotype itself also can downregulate levels of mRNAs encoded by numerous genes.      The mechanism responsible for such downregulation is unknown.      We hypothesized that microRNAs (miRNAs), which have emerged as powerful negative regulators of mRNA levels in several systems, might be responsible for mRNA downregulation in dioxin/AHR pathways.     We conducted a thorough investigation to address the following questions: (1) does AHR genotype itself affect constitutive expression of microRNAs?  (2) does TCDD affect microRNA levels and, if so, is this response dependent on the AHR?  (3) does TCDD affect microRNA levels differently in animals that are sensitive to dioxin toxicity versus those that are dioxin-resistant? We used the Exiqon miRNA array platform as well as quantitative RT-PCR to measure miRNA levels in wildtype vs. Ahr-null mice.     Treatment with 2,3,7,8-tetrachlorodibenzo-p-dioxin (TCDD) in vivo caused few changes in miRNA levels in mouse livers and those changes that were statistically significant were of modest magnitude.       AHR genotype had little effect on hepatic miRNA levels, either in constitutive expression or in response to TCDD – only a few miRNAs differed in expression between Ahr-null mice compared to mice with wildtype AHR. It is unlikely that mRNA downregulation by dioxins is mediated by miRNAs, nor are miRNAs likely to play a significant role in dioxin toxicity in adult mouse liver.     Manuscript Submitted: Moffat ID, Boutros PC, Celius T, Pohjanvirta R & Okey AB. Micro-RNAs in rodent liver are refractory to dioxin treatment.     Toxicological Sciences May, 2007. Keywords: miRNA expression, gene knockout, response to xenobiotics, genetic modification This was a two-factor, two-level design, the factors being genotype Ahr+/+ (WT) or Ahr-/- (KO) and treatment TCDD-treated (T) or vehicle control (C).   Each total-RNA sample was separately labeled either with a Hy3- or a Hy5-fluorophore (Exiqon).  Hy3- and Hy5-labeled samples were co-hybridized to an array.     Dye-reversal was performed to eliminate dye bias.     We tested 3 TCDD-treated and 3 control mice in the Ahr-/- groups and 4 TCDD-treated and 4 control mice in the Ahr+/+ groups.     Technical replication of 1 TCDD-treated and 1 control mice in the Ahr-/- groups was performed.      A loop design was used.
 Type 2 diabetes and insulin resistance (Hu35k-B) Analysis of gene expression in pooled vastus lateralis muscle samples from insulin-sensitive and insulin-resistant equally obese, non-diabetic Pima Indians. A search for susceptibility genes for type 2 diabetes.
 Biomaterial engineering Temporal gene expression analysis of fetal lung fibroblast cell line IMR-90 seeded onto collagen/chondroitin sulfate tissue engineering scaffold mesh material. Integration of genomic information with biomaterial engineering.
 Skeletal repair in non-union fractures (HG-U95B) Identification of mechanisms leading to lack of skeletal repair in non-union fractures. Non-union fractures do not heal six months after injury and may cause advanced arthritis or loss of limb function. Normal and non-union callous bone samples examined.
 Muscle function and aging - male (HG-U133A) Comparison of gene expression in vastus lateralis skeletal muscle biopsies in healthy young (21-27 year old) and older (67-75 year old) men
 Obesity and fatty acid oxidation Identification of proteins involved in fatty acid oxidation in skeletal muscle. Fat oxidation may be reduced in morbidly obese individuals. Provides understanding of how obesity contributes to cardiovascular disease via insulin resistance.
 Duchenne muscular dystrophy (HG-U95D) Examination of muscle biopsies from Duchenne muscular dystrophy patients and normal subjects of various age groups. Both mixed groups of patients (5 patient biopsies per group) and individual biopsies analyzed.
 Large-scale analysis of the human transcriptome (HG-U133A) Gene atlas of human protein-encoding transcriptome. Examined gene expression profiles from 79 physiologically normal tissues obtained from various sources.
 Sex specific transcription in hypothalamus Examination of sex specific transcription in hypothalamus using postmortem samples from individuals averaging 70 years of age.
 Inflammatory bowel disease (HG-U133B) Investigation into inflammatory bowel disease gene expression. Terminal ileum and colon transversum biopsies from Crohn´s disease, ulcerative colitis and control patients examined.
 Prostate adenocarcinoma response to radiation (HG-U95D) Time course of androgen-independent LNCaP C4-2 prostate adenocarcinoma cells following ionizing radiation (IR) to a dose of 10 Sv. Cells harvested 6 or 24 hours after IR. Dose applied in 1 or 4 fractions.
 Prostate adenocarcinoma response to radiation (HG-U95B) Time course of androgen-independent LNCaP C4-2 prostate adenocarcinoma cells following ionizing radiation (IR) to a dose of 10 Sv. Cells harvested 6 or 24 hours after IR. Dose applied in 1 or 4 fractions.
 Emphysema lung tissue expression profiling Expression profiling of lung tissue from normal individuals, and patients with either 'usual' emphysema or alpha-1 antitrypsin (AAT) deficiency-related emphysema. Global reduction in gene expression observed in emphysemic lungs.
 Breast cancer cell expression profiles (HG-U133B) Expression profiling of breast cancer cell lines HCC 1954 and MDA-MB-436 in reference to mammary epithelial cells. Results used to validate a method of comparing data generated from Affymetrix arrays to that from cDNA arrays. The method uses DNA sequence to match probes between platforms.
 Alzheimer's disease at various stages of severity Expression profiling of brain hippocampi from 22 postmortem subjects with Alzheimer's disease (AD) at various stages of severity.  7, 8, and 7 subjects diagnosed with incipient, moderate, and severe AD respectively.  Results provide insight into mechanisms underlying the early pathogenesis of AD.
 Essential thrombocythemia expression profiling Expression profiling of malignant megakaryocytes (MK) from 6 donors with essential thrombocythemia (ET).  MK derived from bone marrow CD34+ hematopoietic progenitor cells.  Progenitors induced to differentiate into MK by treatment with 100 ng/ml thrombopoietin.  Apoptotic pathway is impaired in ET.
 Ionizing radiation effect on lymphoblastoid cells Temporal analysis of effect of 3 Gy and 10 Gy ionizing radiation (IR) exposure on lymphoblastoid cells. Various time points up to 24 hours examined.
 Hungington's disease: whole blood Analysis of whole blood from Huntington’s disease (HD) patients and age- and sex-matched healthy controls. To date, a robust and clinically useful blood test for HD has not been developed. Results provide insight into blood biomarkers for HD activity.
 Sarcoma and hypoxia Expression profiling of soft tissue sarcoma samples. Hypoxic regions often develop in tumors as they increase in size. Results provide insight into the expression of hypoxia-related genes in sarcomas.
 Mesenchymal precursor cells derived from embryonic stem cells Comparison of mesenchymal stem cells (MSC) and undifferentiated embryonic stem cells (ESC). ESC plated on a monolayer of OP9 stromal cells in the presence of 20% heat inactivated fetal bovine serum in alpha MEM medium to induce differentiation into MSC.
 Type 2 diabetes and insulin resistance (Hu35k-A) Analysis of gene expression in pooled vastus lateralis muscle samples from insulin-sensitive and insulin-resistant equally obese, non-diabetic Pima Indians. A search for susceptibility genes for type 2 diabetes.
 Kaposi sarcoma-associated herpesvirus infection of primary human dermal endothelial cells Primary human dermal endothelial cells (HDMEC) were infected with isolated Kaposi sarcoma-associated herpesvirus (KSHV) for 7 days. Infection of HDVECs with KSHV results in upregulation of lymphatic lineage-specific genes and downregulation of blood vascular genes.
 Endothelin-1 effect on fibroblasts Cultured primary lung fibroblasts incubated 4 hours in the presence or absence of 100 nM endothelin-1 (ET-1). Results suggest that ET-1 is involved in matrix synthesis and connective tissue deposition during wound repair and in pulmonary fibrosis.
 Ewing family tumor cells: effect of transfection Analysis of Ewing family tumor (EFT) cell line A673 response to interleukin-2 (IL-2) transfection to assess possible undesirable effects (e.g. tumor stimulation) of in vitro manipulation. Results impact the potential use of IL-2 transfection as an in vivo immunotherapy for EFT patients.
 Whole blood RNA isolation and leukocyte RNA purification: comparison of methods Comparison of RNA isolation from whole blood using the PAXgene system to that from leukocytes using the buffy coat procedure.  Blood of healthy subjects and trauma patients examined.  Results indicate that RNA isolated from whole blood produced more noise than that from leukocytes.
 Normal human tissue expression profiling (HG-U95E) Analysis of gene expression in a variety of normal tissues. Samples typically composed of a pool of 10-25 individuals. Included as part of the GeneNote project.
 Large-scale analysis of the human transcriptome (HG-U95A) Gene expression profiles from a diverse array of tissues, organs, and cell lines, from the normal physiological state. Represents a preliminary description of the normal mammalian transcriptome.
 SIV disease progression Analysis of SIV MAC 251 disease progression in Rhesus Macaque peripheral blood mononuclear cells (PBMC). Slow, typical and fast progression groups examined at baseline, 3 and 7 weeks post-infection.
 Imatinib effect on K562 leukemia cell line (VI) Analysis of K562 leukemia cells treated with 1 uM imatinib for 24 hours. Imatinib is a highly selective and potent growth-inhibitor of BCR/ABL1 expressing cells such as K562. Results provide insight into molecular mechanisms underlying BCR/ABL1-mediated leukemogenesis.
 Imatinib effect on K562 leukemia cell line (V) Analysis of K562 leukemia cells treated with 1 uM imatinib for 24 hours. Imatinib is a highly selective and potent growth-inhibitor of BCR/ABL1 expressing cells such as K562. Results provide insight into molecular mechanisms underlying BCR/ABL1-mediated leukemogenesis.
 Candida albicans effect on endothelial cell line Analysis of HUVEC umbilical vein endothelial cells (EC) exposed to Candida albicans blastopsores. ECs actively participate in the innate defense against microbial pathogens. Results provide insight into molecular mechanisms underlying the endothelial stress response to Candida infection.
 Hypothalamic hamartoma and central precocious puberty Analysis of hypothalamic hamartomas (HHs) from patients with or without central precious puberty (CPP). HHs are congenital lesions composed of neurons and astroglia often associated with CPP. Results provide insight into the mechanisms that initiate normal puberty.
 Rheumatoid arthritis-related cartilage destruction model: chondrocytes Analysis of chondrocytes treated with a supernatant from SV40 T-antigen immortalized human synovial fibroblasts derived from a patient with rheumatoid arthritis (RA). Results provide insight into the molecular mechanism underlying RA-related cartilage destruction.
 Intestinal tissue xenograft response to pathogen Shigella flexneri infection in vivo Analysis of human intestinal xenotransplants infected with Shigella flexneri (virulent wild-type M90T, virulent mxiE mutant, and avirulent BS176 strains). Virulent S. flexneri are highly contagious enteric pathogens. Results provide insight into the intestinal innate immune response to infection.
 Cervical cancer tumorigenesis Analysis of cervical cancer (CC) primary tumors and cell lines. Chromosomal amplification is a common cellular mechanism of gene activation in tumorigenesis; chromosome 20 is a commonly gained chromosome in CC. Results provide insight into the potential role of chromosome 20 gain in CC progression.
 Radioresistant tumor response to interferons Analysis of nu61 radioresistant tumors following treatment with a mixture of interferons (IFNs) alpha, beta, and gamma. Nu61 tumors derived from the radiosensitive squamous cell carcinoma cell line SCC61. Results provide insight into the role of the IFN signaling pathway in tumor radioresistance.
 Radioresistant tumor response to ionizing radiation: time course Analysis of nu61 radioresistant tumors 5 and 24 hours following exposure to ionizing radiation. Nu61 tumors derived from the radiosensitive squamous cell carcinoma cell line SCC61. Results provide insight into the molecular basis of acquired tumor radioresistance.
 Untreated juvenile dermatomyositis muscle biopsies Analysis of skeletal muscle biopsies from untreated girls with active symptoms of juvenile dermatomyositis (JDM) less than 2 months or greater than 2 months. Results provide insight into the impact of the duration of chronic inflammation on gene expression in muscle of untreated children with JDM.
 Chronic stress effect on peripheral blood monocytes Analysis of peripheral blood monocytes from individuals experiencing chronic stress due to being caregivers of family members with malignant brain cancer. Chronic stressors increase vulnerability to medical illness. Results provide insight into molecular mechanisms underlying this phenomenon.
 Ovarian cancer and depression Analysis of primary ovarian tumors from patients with high depressive symptoms. Results provide insight into the contribution of biobehavioral factors such as such as stress, depression, and social support to the molecular progression of cancer.
 Blood response to various beverages: time course Analysis of blood samples from 6 individuals at various time points up to 12 hours following the intake of water, ethanol, grape juice, or red wine. Results may contribute to elucidating the mechanisms underlying the cardioprotective effects of red wine.
 Polycystic lipomembranous osteodysplasia with sclerosing leukoencephalopathy: dendritic cells Analysis of in vitro differentiated dendritic cells (DCs) from patients with PLOSL, an early onset dementia with bone cysts caused by mutations in DAP12 and TREM2 genes which encode important signaling molecules in DCs. Results provide further insight into mechanisms underlying PLOSL pathogenesis.
 Hypoxia and 2-oxoglutrate-dependent dioxygenase inhibition (HG-U133A) Analysis of MCF-7 breast cancer cells exposed to hypoxia or treated with the non-specific 2-oxoglutarate (2-OG) dependent dioxygenase inhibitor dimethyloxalylglycine. Results provide insight into the role of 2-OG dioxygenases in the regulation of gene expression during hypoxia.
 Dioxin effect on breast cancer cell line (HG-U133A) Analysis of MCF-7 breast cancer cells treated with 100 nM dioxin. Although dioxin is causative for many types of cancers, low exposure to dioxin is associated with a decreased incidence of breast carcinoma. Results provide insight into the molecular basis of this protective effect.
 Cerebral palsy: wrist muscles Analysis of wrist muscle extensors and flexors of cerebral palsy (CP) patients. CP is an upper motor neuron disease that results in a progressive movement disorder. Muscles of CP patients often become spastic. Results provide insight into the molecular alterations in spastic muscles of CP patients.
 Asthmatic atopic epithelium Analysis of airway epithelial cells (AEC) from children with asthma and healthy non-atopic controls. Epithelial cells from asthmatic children fail to heal a wound in vitro. Results provide insight into the molecular mechanisms underlying dysregulated AEC repair.
 Oral mucosal fibroblast response to artificial wounding stimulus Temporal analysis of oral mucosal (OM) fibroblasts and patient-matched skin fibroblasts following serum starvation/induction. OM fibroblasts exhibit a preferential wound-healing response compared to that of dermis. Results provide insight into molecular basis of OM fibroblast wound healing response.
 Metastatic prostate tumor model Comparison of poorly and highly metastatic prostate subcutaneous tumors derived from xenotransplanted human PC-3 prostate cancer cells. Results provide insight into the molecular mechanisms contributing to prostate cancer metastasis.
 RhoGDIbeta depletion effect on breast cancer cell line Analysis of MDA-MB-231 breast cancer cells following RhoGDIbeta knockdown. RhoGDIbeta is a Rho guanine nucleotide dissociation inhibitor (RhoGDI) expressed in tumor cells. RhoGDIs negatively regulate the activity of Rho GTPases.
 X-Box binding protein overexpression effect on breast cancer cell line Analysis of MCF7 breast cancer (BC) cells overexpressing spliced X-box binding protein-1 (XBP1), a transcription factor that participates in the unfolded protein response (UPR). Results provide insight into the role of XBP1 and the UPR in estrogen and antiestrogen responsiveness in breast cancer.
 Various muscle diseases (HG-U133B) Analysis of muscle biopsy specimens from patients with various muscle diseases.  Results provide insight into the diagnosis and pathogenesis of muscle diseases.
 Psoriatic plaques Analysis of uninvolved and lesional skin of 13 patients with plaque-type psoriasis. Psoriasis vulgaris is characterized by hyperproliferation and incomplete terminal differentiation of epidermal keratinocytes. Results provide insight into the molecular pathogenesis of psoriasis.
 Large airway epithelium response to cigarette smoking (HG-133A) Analysis of large airway epithelial cells of phenotypically normal smokers. Lung cancer tumors exhibit neuroendocrine properties, and chronic smokers have increased numbers of neuroendocrine cells. Results provide insight into the effect of cigarette smoking on neuroendocrine cells.
 Limb girdle muscular dystrophy 2A (HG-U133B) Analysis of skeletal muscles from patients with limb girdle muscular dystrophy 2A (LGMD2A). LGMD2A is a recessive genetic disorder caused by mutations in calpain 3 (CAPN3). Results provide insight into the molecular pathogenesis of LGMD2A.
 DNA methylation inhibitor effect on melanoma cell lines Analysis of six melanoma cell lines treated with the DNA methylation inhibitor 5-aza-2'-deoxycytidine (5AzadC). Results provide insight into the role of epigenetic silencing by DNA methylation in the pathogenesis of melanoma.
 ENCSR782VMS -    LHCN-M2 Sample   Sample Information:     br /  br / Sample ID: EFO:0005714   br / Details: LHCN-M2 sample from   .   br / Analysis Platform: nCounter Human V2 miRNA Expression array   br / Submitting Lab: Ali Mortazavi, UCI   br / Released: 2016-01-19   br / Sample Type: in Vitro Differentiated Cells   br /    br / Author Description:   br / Nanostring MiRNA Array on Human LHCN-M2 Differentiated for 7 Days   br /  br / 
 ENCSR464YWK -    Erythroid Progenitor Cell Sample   Sample Information:     br /  br / Sample ID: CL:0000038   br / Details: Erythroid Progenitor Cell sample from   .   br / Analysis Platform: Human 3x720K Whole Genome CGH Tiling Array   br / Submitting Lab: David Gilbert, FSU   br / Released: 2015-07-21   br / Sample Type: in Vitro Differentiated Cells   br / 
 Subcutaneous Interferon-beta-1b treatment in relapsing-remitting multiple sclerosis (U133 A): peripheral mononuclear blood cells Temporal analysis of PBMCs collected from 25 German relapsing-remitting multiple sclerosis patients treated with recombinant interferon-beta-1b (rIFN-β-1b, 250 µg every other day) for 2 years. Results provide insight into molecular mechanisms of IFN-b action.
 Dilated cardiomyopathy: left ventricle Comparison of subendocardial left ventricular tissue samples from 7 patients with dilated cardiomyopathy (DCM) to those from 5 patients with non-failing (NF) hearts. DCM is a common cause of heart failure. Results contribute to the identification of a gene expression signature for DCM.
 Serrated and conventional adenocarcinomas Comparison of serrated and conventional colorectal adenocarcinoma tumor samples. Results differentiate serrated from conventional colorectal carcinomas (CRC) and provide insight into the molecular pathogenesis of serrated CRC.
 Non-melanoma skin cancer Analysis of normal skin, actinic keratotic (AK) lesion, and squamous cell carcinoma (SCC) tumor biopsies from 5 patients with non-melanoma skin cancer (NMSC). Results provide insight into the molecular pathogenesis of NMSC.
 Bipolar disorder: dorsolateral prefrontal cortex Analysis of postmortem dorsolateral prefrontal cortex from 30 adults with bipolar disorder. Results provide insight into the pathophysiology of the disease.
 Epidermal stem cell and transit-amplifying cell (HG-U133B) Analysis of cDNA libraries each generated from a single cultured epidermal stem cell (SC) or transit-amplifying (TA) cell. TA cells are SC progenies that are destined to terminally differentiate. Single cell expression profiling avoids the problem of potentially masking cellular heterogeneity.
 Hepatitis C virus core protein effect on hepatocyte cell line Analysis of HepG2 hepatocytes following induction of hepatitis C virus (HCV) core protein expression. HCV core protein is implicated in the development of hepatocellular carcinoma (HCC). Results provide insight into the molecular processes affected by the HCV core protein.
 Polycomb group protein depletion effect on embryonic fibroblasts Analysis of embryonic fibroblasts depleted of the polycomb group (PcG) proteins EZH2, EED, SUZ12, or BMI-1. PcG proteins form complexes that regulate the expression of homeotic genes during development. Results provide insight into the mechanisms employed by PcGs to control development.
 Monocyte differentiation to macrophage and subsequent polarization (HG-U133B) Analysis of monocytes (MCs) treated with M-CSF to induce differentiation into macrophages (MPs), and mature MPs treated with either IFN-gamma and LPS or IL-4 to induce polarization to M1 or M2 cells, respectively. Results provide insight into MC to MP differentiation and polarized activation.
 RNAlater preservative effect on uterine myometrium: time course Analysis of uterine myometrial tissue specimens stored in RNAlater preservative for 24 or 74 hours at room temperature. Results indicate RNALater did not contribute any systematic shift in quantitative RNA expression results relative to alternative tissue processing methods (fresh, snap-frozen).
 Various muscle diseases (HG-U133A) Analysis of muscle biopsy specimens from patients with various muscle diseases. Results provide insight into the diagnosis and pathogenesis of muscle diseases.
 Transgenic Krüppel-like factor 4 induction: time course Analysis of RKO colon cancer cell line treated for up to 24 hours with ponasterone A to induce expression of a full-length, transgenic Krüppel-like factor 4 (KLF4). KLF4 is an epithelially-enriched, zinc finger transcription factor. Results provide insight into the biochemical function of KLF4.
 Estrogen receptor alpha positive breast cancer cells response to hyperactivation of MAPK pathway Analysis of estrogen receptor (ER) alpha positive MCF-7 breast cancer cells overexpressing constitutively active Raf-1, constitutively active MEK, constitutively active c-erbB-2, or ligand-activatable EGFR. Results indicate that increased MAPK activation results in loss of ER-alpha expression.
 HIV viremia effect on monocytes Analysis of CD14+ monocytes from 8 HIV patients at the aviremic state during highly active antiretroviral therapy (HAART) and at the viremic state after the cessation of HAART. Results provide insight into the impact of HIV infection and high-level HIV viremia on the function of monocytes.
 Cystic fibrosis patients with mild and severe lung disease: nasal respiratory epithelium (HG-U133A) Analysis of the nasal respiratory epithelium of cystic fibrosis (CF) patients with mild or severe lung disease. CF patients have identical homozygous deltaF508 CFTR genotypes but exhibit variability in pulmonary disease severity. Results provide insight into the basis of the phenotypic difference.
 Obesity: adipocyte expression profile (HG-U95B) Analysis of cultured abdominal subcutaneous mature adipocytes from 9 male and 10 female non-diabetic obese Pima Indians. The prevalence of obesity in Pima Indians is among the highest of any population. Results provide insight into the role of adipocytes in obesity and obesity-related inflammation.
 Pterygium Expression profiling of primary pterygium tissue. Pterygium, a common ocular surface disorder, is a fibrovascular overgrowth from the conjunctiva onto the cornea. Results provide insight into pterygium pathogenesis.
 Primary epithelial cell cultures from prostate tumors Analysis of epithelial cell cultures from prostate tumor explants. Results identify an epithelial-restricted transcription profile that can be integrated with tumor grade and clinical information with the aim of discriminating indolent and aggressive prostate tumors that are histologically similar.
 High-grade gliomas (HG-U133B) Analysis of high-grade glioma (HGGs) samples from cases of WHO grade III and IV astrocytomas. Results classify HGGs into molecular subclasses with prognostic value that predict survival and disease progression. The molecular subclasses resemble key stages of neurogenesis.
 Ischemic and nonischemic cardiomyopathy comparison Analysis of myocardial tissues from nonischemic (NICM) and ischemic cardiomyopathy (ICM) patients. NICM and ICM, major forms of dilated cardiomyopathy leading to congestive heart failure, have similar presentations but differ in pathophysiology, prognosis, and response to therapy.
 Breast cancer cells reexpressing estrogen receptor alpha response to 17beta-estradiol Analysis of the response of estrogen receptor (ER) negative MDA-MB-231 breast cancer cells infected with full-length ER alpha adenoviral constructs to treatment with 17beta-estradiol (E2). Results provide insight into the anti-proliferative effect of E2 on breast cancer cells reexpressing ER.
 Cigarette smoking effect on small airway epithelium Analysis of phenotypically normal 10th to 12th order small airway bronchial epithelia from cigarette smokers. Cigarette smoking is the most common cause of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD). Results provide insight into the early pathogenesis of COPD.
 Uterine fibroids with fumarate hydratase mutations Analysis of 7 uterine fibroids carrying fumarate hydratase (FH) mutations. FH catalyzes hydration of fumarate in the Krebs tricarboxylic acid cycle. Results provide insight into the connection between the disruption of mitochondrial metabolic pathways and neoplasia.
 Camptothecin effect on renal epithelial cell line and HIV transduction Analysis of renal epithelial cell line 293T following treatment with 2 uM camptothecin, which boosts transduction of cells by HIV. Camptothecin induces DNA damage and arrests cell cycle at G2/M. Results provide insight into the mechanisms underlying HIV transduction boost induced by camptothecin.
 Pulmonary type II cell differentiation Analysis of epithelial cells isolated from 13 fetal lungs (13-20 wks old) and cultured in dexamethasone/cyclic AMP/isobutylmethylxanthine (DCI) for 72 hrs to promote type II cell differentiation. Mature alveolar type II cells that produce surfactant are critical for adaptation to extrauterine life.
 Ewing family tumor and neuroblastoma comparison Analysis of Ewing family tumor (EFT) and neuroblastoma (NB) samples. Distinguishing EFTs from other small round blue cell tumors (SRBCTs), such as NBs, by histologic methods is often difficult. Results identify EF-associated genes that enable molecular discrimination between EFTs and other SRBCTs.
 Tumor necrosis factor effect on microvascular endothelial cells Analysis of microvascular endothelial cells (HMEC) stimulated with tumor necrosis factor (TNF)-alpha for 5 hours. TNF is a potent inflammatory stimulus. Results provide insight into the relevance of the diversity of endothelial cell subtypes for the response to inflammatory stimuli.
 Obesity: adipocyte expression profile (HG-U95E) Analysis of cultured abdominal subcutaneous mature adipocytes from 9 male and 10 female non-diabetic obese Pima Indians. The prevalence of obesity in Pima Indians is among the highest of any population. Results provide insight into the role of adipocytes in obesity and obesity-related inflammation.
 T cells infected with an HIV-based vector Analysis of Jurkat T cells infected with an HIV-based vector transducing green fluorescent protein. Expression of genes hosting HIV integration events examined. Results provide insight into how expression from the HIV type 1 promoter is affected by the integration site of the provirus.
 Myelodysplastic syndrome Analysis of bone marrow CD34+ progenitor cells from normal-karyotype, low-blast-count, early, low-risk myelodysplastic syndrome (MDS) patients, age-matched controls, and patients with non-MDS anemia. Results provide insight into pathogenesis of MDS and identify putative markers of MDS.
 Atypical ductal hyperplasia and breast cancer Comparison of atypical ductal hyperplasia (ADH) tissues from patients with and without a history of breast cancer. Incidence of invasive breast cancer is high in ADH patients. Results identify putative markers of invasive breast cancer.
 Melanoma metastasis Analysis of melanoma clinical samples representing 31 primary melanomas and 52 melanoma metastases. These results, together with results from tumor samples from highly-metastatic derivatives of an A375 (ATCC) melanoma cell line, provide insight into the molecular basis of metastasis.
 Xenotransplant melanoma metastasis model [Data Set F] Analysis of subcutaneous tumors or lung metastases from immunodeficient mice injected subcutaneously or intravenously with a poorly-metastatic A375 melanoma cell line (Fidler) or with highly-metastatic derivative cell lines. Results provide insight into molecular mechanisms underlying metastasis.
 Rheumatoid arthritis and osteoarthritis: synovial tissues (Jena dataset) Analysis of synovial tissues from patients with rheumatoid arthritis or osteoarthritis. Results used to generate rule-based classifiers to distinguish patients with rheumatoid arthritis from those with osteoarthritis.
 Allergic asthma: alveolar macrophage Comparison of alvelolar macrophages (AMs) of allergic asthma (AA) patients and healthy subjects. AMs are the main immune cells in the airway lumen and are in direct contact with exogenous agents. Results provide insight into the differences between the AMs of AA patients and healthy individuals.
 ENCSR486QHW -    Uterus Sample   Sample Information:     br /  br / Sample ID: UBERON:0000995   br / Details: Uterus sample from   .   br / Analysis Platform: nCounter Human V2 miRNA Expression array   br / Submitting Lab: Ali Mortazavi, UCI   br / Released: 2016-07-29   br / Sample Type: Tissue   br /    br / Author Description:   br / Nanostring MiRNA Array on Human Uterus   br /  br / 
 ENCSR798NKG -    Lower leg Skin Sample   Sample Information:     br /  br / Sample ID: UBERON:0004264   br / Details: Lower leg Skin sample from   .   br / Analysis Platform: nCounter Human V2 miRNA Expression array   br / Submitting Lab: Ali Mortazavi, UCI   br / Released: 2016-07-29   br / Sample Type: Tissue   br /    br / Author Description:   br / Nanostring MiRNA Array on Human Lower leg Skin   br /  br / 
 ENCSR416HAJ -    GM06999 Sample   Sample Information:     br /  br / Sample ID: EFO:0007077   br / Details: GM06999 sample from   .   br / Analysis Platform: Human 3x720K Whole Genome CGH Tiling Array   br / Submitting Lab: David Gilbert, FSU   br / Released: 2015-07-21   br / Sample Type: Immortalized Cell Line   br / 
 ENCSR624LFP -    Neural Progenitor Cell Sample   Sample Information:     br /  br / Sample ID: NTR:0000711   br / Details: Neural Progenitor Cell sample from   .   br / Analysis Platform: nCounter Human V2 miRNA Expression array   br / Submitting Lab: Ali Mortazavi, UCI   br / Released: 2016-01-19   br / Sample Type: in Vitro Differentiated Cells   br /    br / Author Description:   br / Nanostring MiRNA Array on Human Neural Progenitor Cell   br /  br / 
 ENCSR030IGQ -    Definitive Endoderm Sample   Sample Information:     br /  br / Sample ID: UBERON:0005439   br / Details: Definitive Endoderm sample from   .   br / Analysis Platform: Human 3x720K Whole Genome CGH Tiling Array   br / Submitting Lab: David Gilbert, FSU   br / Released: 2015-07-21   br / Sample Type: in Vitro Differentiated Cells   br / 
 ENCSR000CYH -    Cardiac Mesoderm Sample   Sample Information:     br /  br / Sample ID: EFO:0000315   br / Details: Cardiac Mesoderm sample from   .   br / Analysis Platform: Human Exon 1.0 ST V2 tilling array   br / Submitting Lab: John Stamatoyannopoulos, UW   br / Released: 2012-07-31   br / Sample Type: in Vitro Differentiated Cells   br /    br / Author Description:   br / RNA Array on Human H7-hESC Differentiated for 14 Days   br /  br / 
 ENCSR223ODK -    Splanchnic Layer of Lateral Plate Mesoderm Sample   Sample Information:     br /  br / Sample ID: UBERON:0004872   br / Details: Splanchnic Layer of Lateral Plate Mesoderm sample from   .   br / Analysis Platform: Human 3x720K Whole Genome CGH Tiling Array   br / Submitting Lab: David Gilbert, FSU   br / Released: 2015-07-21   br / Sample Type: in Vitro Differentiated Cells   br / 
 ENCSR217XWA -    Posterior Foregut Sample   Sample Information:     br /  br / Sample ID: NTR:0002929   br / Details: Posterior Foregut sample from   .   br / Analysis Platform: Human 3x720K Whole Genome CGH Tiling Array   br / Submitting Lab: David Gilbert, FSU   br / Released: 2015-07-21   br / Sample Type: in Vitro Differentiated Cells   br / 
 ENCSR000AJK -    GM12878 Sample   Sample Information:     br /  br / Sample ID: EFO:0002784   br / Details: GM12878 sample from   .   br / Analysis Platform: nCounter Human V2 miRNA Expression array   br / Submitting Lab: Ali Mortazavi, UCI   br / Released: 2016-02-02   br / Sample Type: Immortalized Cell Line   br /    br / Author Description:   br / Irvine Nanostring GM12878   br /  br / 
 ENCSR765ZSI -    Bipolar Spindle Neuron Sample   Sample Information:     br /  br / Sample ID: NTR:0000560   br / Details: Bipolar Spindle Neuron sample from   .   br / Analysis Platform: nCounter Human V2 miRNA Expression array   br / Submitting Lab: Ali Mortazavi, UCI   br / Released: 2016-01-19   br / Sample Type: in Vitro Differentiated Cells   br /    br / Author Description:   br / Nanostring MiRNA Array on PGP Human Bipolar Spindle Neuron   br /  br / 
 phs000671.v1.p1 - Somatic Mutations in Variant and IGHV4-34 Expressing Hairy Cell Leukemia   dbGaP Study Information:       Type of study: Case Set, Tumor vs. Matched-Normal, Exome Sequencing   Study design: Tumor vs. Matched-Normal     br / Number of documents: 0   Number of variables: 15   Number of participants: 10   Number of analyses: 0     br / Projects in this study:   National Cancer Institute    Diseases:   Leukemia, Hairy Cell   Leukemia, Hairy Cell    Tumor type: germline, tumor.     br / Technology used in this study:   Agilent SureSelect Human All Exon v3 - 50Mb    Assay types used:   Whole Exome    
 phs000694.v2.p1 - Clinical Cancer Sequencing   dbGaP Study Information:       Type of study: Case Set   Study design: Case Set     br / Number of documents: 0   Number of variables: 10   Number of participants: 15   Number of analyses: 0     br / Projects in this study:   National Human Genome Research Institute    Diseases:   Neoplasms   Neoplasms    Tumor type: germline, tumor.     br / Technology used in this study:   Agilent SureSelectXT Human All Exon 50Mb    Assay types used:   Whole Exome (NGS)   SNV (.MAF)       
 phs001044.v1.p1 - Breast Cancer Risk Pathways   dbGaP Study Information:       Type of study: Case-Control   Study design: Case-Control     br / Number of documents: 0   Number of variables: 16   Number of participants: 35   Number of analyses: 0     br / Projects in this study:   National Cancer Institute    Diseases:   Breast Neoplasms   Breast Neoplasms      br / Technology used in this study:   Agilent SureSelect Human All Exon v4+UTRs    Assay types used:   SNP/CNV Genotypes (NGS)   Whole Exome (NGS)       
 phs001097.v1.p1 - T2D-GENES Multi-Ethnic Exome Sequencing Study: Singapore   dbGaP Study Information:       Type of study: Case-Control   Study design: Case-Control     br / Number of documents: 0   Number of variables: 39   Number of participants: 2226   Number of analyses: 0     br / Projects in this study:   National Institute of Diabetes and Digestive and Kidney Diseases    Diseases:   Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2   Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2      br / Technology used in this study:   Agilent SureSelect Human All Exon v2 - 44Mb    Assay types used:   SNP/CNV Genotypes (NGS)   Whole Exome (NGS)       
 phs001093.v1.p1 - T2D-GENES Multi-Ethnic Exome Sequencing Study: UK South Asian   dbGaP Study Information:       Type of study: Case-Control   Study design: Case-Control     br / Number of documents: 0   Number of variables: 36   Number of participants: 1068   Number of analyses: 0     br / Projects in this study:   National Institute of Diabetes and Digestive and Kidney Diseases    Diseases:   Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2   Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2      br / Technology used in this study:   Agilent SureSelect Human All Exon v2 - 44Mb    Assay types used:   SNP/CNV Genotypes (NGS)   Whole Exome (NGS)       
 phs001080.v1.p1 - Genome Studies in Hereditary Spastic Paraplegia   dbGaP Study Information:       Type of study: Case Set, Family   Study design: Case Set     br / Number of documents: 0   Number of variables: 18   Number of participants: 103   Number of analyses: 0     br / Projects in this study:   National Institute of Neurological Disorders and Stroke    Diseases:   Spastic Paraplegia, Hereditary   Spastic Paraplegia, Hereditary      br / Technology used in this study:   Agilent SureSelectXT Human All Exon 50Mb    Assay types used:   Whole Exome    
 Transcription profiling by array of human colon biosies from patients with Crohn's disease and ulcerative colitis   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling by array of human colon biosies from patients with Crohn's disease and ulcerative colitis br / Number of assays: 32 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U95Av2 [HG\ U95Av2] br / Experimental factors: Disease br / Last update: 03-07-2014 br / 
 Transcription profiling by array of human pancreatic beta cells transplanted into mice   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling by array of human pancreatic beta cells transplanted into mice br / Number of assays: 13 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human X3P Array [U133\ X3P] br / Experimental factors: Clinical Information br / Last update: 15-09-2015 br / 
 Transcription profiling by array of human uterus before and after the onset of labor   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling by array of human uterus before and after the onset of labor br / Number of assays: 32 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U95Av2 [HG\ U95Av2] br / Experimental factors: Clinical Information, Organism Part br / Last update: 31-07-2015 br / 
 Transcription profiling of human vastus lateralis muscle from exercised and non-exercised subjects   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling of human vastus lateralis muscle from exercised and non-exercised subjects br / Number of assays: 8 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U95Av2 [HG\ U95Av2] br / Experimental factors: Physical Activity, Time br / Last update: 14-08-2014 br / 
 ENCSR971DCP -    Splanchnic Layer of Lateral Plate Mesoderm Sample   Sample Information:     br /  br / Sample ID: UBERON:0004872   br / Details: Splanchnic Layer of Lateral Plate Mesoderm sample from   .   br / Analysis Platform: Human 6x630K CGH Whole Genome tiling array , Human 3x720K Whole Genome CGH Tiling Array   br / Submitting Lab: David Gilbert, FSU   br / Released: 2015-07-21   br / Sample Type: in Vitro Differentiated Cells   br / 
 ENCSR665BXN -    Mesenchymal Stem Cell Sample   Sample Information:     br /  br / Sample ID: EFO:0000586   br / Details: Mesenchymal Stem Cell sample from   .   br / Analysis Platform: Human 6x630K CGH Whole Genome tiling array , Human 3x720K Whole Genome CGH Tiling Array   br / Submitting Lab: David Gilbert, FSU   br / Released: 2015-07-21   br / Sample Type: in Vitro Differentiated Cells   br / 
 ENCSR326SZT -    Mesothelium Sample   Sample Information:     br /  br / Sample ID: UBERON:0001136   br / Details: Mesothelium sample from   .   br / Analysis Platform: Human 6x630K CGH Whole Genome tiling array , Human 3x720K Whole Genome CGH Tiling Array   br / Submitting Lab: David Gilbert, FSU   br / Released: 2015-07-21   br / Sample Type: in Vitro Differentiated Cells   br / 
 Transcription profiling by array of 12 human muscle diseases   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling by array of 12 human muscle diseases br / Number of assays: 242 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome HG-U133A [HG-U133A], Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome HG-U133B [HG-U133B] br / Experimental factors: Disease br / Last update: 03-07-2014 br / 
 Campbell et al 2011 Copy number variants (CNVs) can reach appreciable frequencies in the human population, and several of these copy number polymorphisms (CNPs) have been recently associated with human diseases including lupus, psoriasis, Crohn disease, and obesity. Despite new advances, significant biases remain in terms of CNP discovery and genotyping. We developed a novel method based on single channel intensity data and benchmarked against copy numbers determined from sequencing read-depth to successfully obtain CNP genotypes for 1489 CNPs from 487 human DNA samples from diverse ethnic backgrounds. This customized microarray was enriched for segmental duplication-rich regions and novel insertions of sequences not represented in the reference genome assembly or on standard single nucleotide polymorphism (SNP) microarray platforms. We observe that CNPs in segmental duplications are more likely to be population differentiated than CNPs in unique regions (p = 0.015) and that bi-allelic CNPs show greater stratification when compared to frequency-matched SNPs (p = 0.0026). Although bi-allelic CNPs show a strong correlation of copy number with flanking SNP genotypes, the majority of multi-copy CNPs do not (40% with r &gt;0.8). We selected a subset of CNPs for further characterization in 1873 additional samples from 62 populations; this revealed striking population-differentiated structural variants in genes of clinical significance such as the OCLN gene, a tight junction protein involved in hepatitis C viral entry. Our new microarray design allows these variants to be rapidly tested for disease association and our results suggest that CNPs (especially those not in linkage disequilibrium with SNPs) may have contributed disproportionately to human diversity and selection.
 ENCSR731ZIA -    Endocrine Cell Sample   Sample Information:     br /  br / Sample ID: CL:0000163   br / Details: Endocrine Cell sample from   .   br / Analysis Platform: Human 6x630K CGH Whole Genome tiling array , Human 3x720K Whole Genome CGH Tiling Array   br / Submitting Lab: David Gilbert, FSU   br / Released: 2015-07-21   br / Sample Type: in Vitro Differentiated Cells   br / 
 ENCSR497CCF -    Neural Progenitor Cell Sample   Sample Information:     br /  br / Sample ID: NTR:0000711   br / Details: Neural Progenitor Cell sample from   .   br / Analysis Platform: Human 6x630K CGH Whole Genome tiling array , Human 3x720K Whole Genome CGH Tiling Array   br / Submitting Lab: David Gilbert, FSU   br / Released: 2015-07-21   br / Sample Type: in Vitro Differentiated Cells   br / 
 Transcription profiling by array of human MCF-7 cells after treatment with 2,3,7,8-tetrachlorodibenzo-p-dioxin   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling by array of human MCF-7 cells after treatment with 2,3,7,8-tetrachlorodibenzo-p-dioxin br / Number of assays: 12 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome HG-U133A [HG-U133A], Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome HG-U133B [HG-U133B] br / Experimental factors: Compound br / Last update: 03-07-2014 br / 
 Transcription profiling of human cystic fibrosis (CF) IB3-1 bronchial epithelial cells treated with 4-phenylbutyrate for 12 or 24 hours to study  the drug's influence on heat-shock proteins in CF   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling of human cystic fibrosis (CF) IB3-1 bronchial epithelial cells treated with 4-phenylbutyrate for 12 or 24 hours to study  the drug's influence on heat-shock proteins in CF br / Number of assays: 22 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome HG-U133A [HG-U133A], Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome HG-U133B [HG-U133B] br / Experimental factors: Time br / Last update: 16-08-2014 br / 
 E-GEOD-56624 - miRNA profiling of Macaca mulatta intact colon samples during acute SIV infection This study describes differential miRNA expression in intact colon tissue during acute SIV infection of rhesus macaques.     Nine miRNAs were found to be significantly affected by infection, with 5 down-regulated and 4 up-regulated miRNAs. The expression of one upregulated miRNA was further characterized and found to be significantly elevated specifically in response to SIV replication and not immune activation/inflammation accompanying SIV infection.     We performed TaqMan Low Density Array based high throughput miRNA analysis on intact colon tissue from 10 acutely SIV-infected and 5 uninfected control macaques.     All SIV-infected animals were inoculated intravenously with 100TCID50 of SIV. Out of the ten, one animal each was at 7, 8 and 10DPI (days post infection), 3 each at 13 and 21DPI, and 1 at 29DPI. microRNA reverse transcription and preamplification was performed according to the manufacturer’s recommendation.     Data analysis was performed using RQ Manager 1.2.2 and DataAssist v3.01 software.     Data was normalized using Global normalization method and multiple comparisons correction was performed using Benjamini-Hochberg method.
 E-GEOD-22160 - Pathogenesis of hepatitis E and hepatitis C in chimpanzees: Similarities and differences The chimpanzee is the only model other than man for investigating the pathogenesis of viral hepatitis types A through E. Studies of the host response, including microarray analyses, have relied on the close relationship between these two primate species: chimpanzee samples are commonly tested with human-based reagents.     In this study, the host response to two dissimilar viruses, hepatitis E virus (HEV) and hepatitis C virus (HCV), was compared in multiple experimentally-infected chimpanzees.     Affymetrix U133+2.0 human microarray chips were used to assess the entire transcriptome in serial liver biopsies obtained over the course of the infections.     The comparison utilized a permutational t-test-based analysis of selected time points.     More specifically, baseline samples were compared with post-inoculation samples that were strategically chosen based on their relationship to viremia, and probe sequences were aligned to the human and chimpanzee genome sequences to assess their relative sensitivity for detecting differentially expressed genes.     Regardless of the viral infection, the alignment of differentially expressed genes to the human genome sequence resulted in a larger number of genes being identified when compared with alignment to the chimpanzee genome sequence.     This probably reflects the lesser refinement of gene annotation for chimpanzees.     In general, the two viruses demonstrated very distinct temporal changes in host response genes, although both RNA viruses induced genes that were involved in many of the same biological systems, including interferon-induced genes.     The host response to HCV infection was more robust than the response to HEV infection.     Three chimpanzees were inoculated intravenously with the hepatitis C virus: chimp 1628 was infected with   100 infectious doses (ID) of the H77 strain (genotype 1a) (30); chimp 1417 was infected with an unknown titer, in serum, of the HC-J6 strain (genotype 2a) (31); chimp 1422 was infected with an unknown titer, in serum, of the T.N. strain (genotype 1a) (35). Four chimpanzees (CH1616, CH1618, CH1374 and CH1375) were inoculated intravenously with 0.5 ml of the HEV SAR55 strain (genotype 1) at approximately 10^6 ID. Grouping of the biological replicates was based on viremia: groups consisted of the first positive week (and the second positive week for HCV), the peak positive week, the last positive week, the first negative week and the fourth negative week.     There were 3 biological replicates for HCV. The 4 replicates for HEV were both biological and technical.     For chimp 1417, 7 samples were taken between weeks 0 and 17. For chimp 1422, 8 samples were taken between weeks 0 and 13. For chimp 1628, 8 samples were taken between weeks 0 and 19. For chimp 1374, 6 samples were taken between weeks 0 and 8. For chimp 1375, 4 samples were taken between weeks 0 and 8. For chimp 1616, 5 samples were taken between weeks 0 and 7. For chimp 1618, 6 samples were taken between weeks 0 and 8.  Normalized probe set level data not provided for individual Sample records.     Processed data is available on Series record.
 E-GEOD-6519 - Transcription profiling of Baboon (Papio anubis) cerebral cortex from neonates consuming long-chain polyunsaturated fatty acid formulas Docosahexaenoic acid (DHA, 22:6n-3) and arachidonic acid (ARA, 20:4n-6) are the major long chain polyunsaturated fatty acids (LCPUFA) of the central nervous system.     We examined the alterations in transcriptional profiles in neonate baboon cerebral cortex brain tissue using high-density Affymetrix oligonucleotide arrays ("U133 plus 2.0"). Twelve neonates were divided into 3 groups: Control (C, no DHA-ARA); 1× LCPUFA (L, 0.33%DHA-0.67%ARA); 3× LCPUFA (L3, 1.00%DHA-0.67%ARA). Significance analysis (P   0.05) of a total of  54,000 probe sets (ps) identified changes in expression levels of 1108 ps, representing 2.05% of the total ps on the oligoarray, with most ps showing  2-fold change.     Comparing L and C, 534 ps were upregulated with supplementation, and 574 ps were downregulated.      For the L3/C comparisons, 666 ps were upregulated and 442 ps were downregulated.      Characterization of differentially regulated genes by gene ontology assign them to diverse biological functions, notably lipid metabolism, ion channel and transport, G-protein and signal transduction, development, visual perception, membrane function, apoptosis, cytoskeleton, peptidases, cell cycle, stress response, kinases and phosphatases, transcription regulation, receptors, and ubiquitin, with about 400 transcripts having no defined function.      Of differentially expressed genes involved in lipid metabolism, PLA2G6, a phospholipase recently associated with infantile neuroaxonal dystrophy, was downregulated in both LCPUFA groups.      ELOVL5, a PUFA elongase, was the only enzyme in the LCPUFA biosynthetic pathway that was differentially expressed.      Mitochondrial fatty acid carrier, CPT2, was among several genes associated with mitochondrial fatty acid oxidation to be downregulated, while the mitochondrial proton carrier, UCP2, was upregulated.      PUFA-regulated receptor, Retinoic acid receptor alpha (RARA) was repressed in both groups, while HNF4A, a PUFA regulated factor, was downregulated in L3/C.  Genes involved in neural development, TIMM8A, NRG1, SEMA3D and NUMB, were upregulated while HES1 and SIM1 showed decreased expression.     LUM, EML2, TIMP3 and TTC8 which have roles in visual perception were upregulated and TIA1, a silencer of COX2 gene translation is upregulated in L3/C. Ingenuity network analysis identified a top network associated with nervous system development and function with EGFR as the outstanding interaction partner.     In this network EGFR interacts with genes involved in neural or visual perception, TIMP3, NRG1, ADAM17, EDG7 and FGF7. Quantitative real time-PCR analysis on selected genes confirmed the array results.     The L and L3 groups have DHA and ARA content within the ranges observed in human and baboon breastmilk, and thus these data indicate that LCPUFA concentrations within the normal range of human breastmilk induce global changes in gene expression across numerous functions including transcripts involved in neural development, visual perception, etc.     Experiment Overall Design: Twelve baboon neonates born spontaneously around 182 days gestation were randomized into 3 groups (n=4 per group).  They were fed for 12 weeks on one of three formulas: C: Control (no DHA-ARA); L: 1× LCPUFA (0.33%DHA-0.67%ARA); L3: 3× LCPUFA (1.00%DHA-0.67%ARA).
 E-GEOD-31177 - Effect of anti-miR-33 treatment on gene expression in non-human primate liver In this study the effect of anti-miR-33 treatment on plasma and liver lipid profiles was examined in non-human primates.      A significant increase in plasma HDL-C, and a significant decrease in plasma triglyceride levels were observed.     African green monkeys on a Normal chow diet were treated with anti-miR-33 or control anti-miR for 4 weeks and were then switched to a High Carb/Med. Cholesterol diet and treated with anti-miR-33 or control anti-miR for 8 more weeks (n=6/group).  Gene expression profiling was performed on liver biopsies obtained at -5 weeks (baseline),  4 weeks and 12 weeks.
 E-GEOD-25118 - Regulation of gene expression in ALK inhibitor CH5424802-treated NCI-H2228 xenograft tumors To clarify the downstream signal pathway of EML4-ALK in NSCLC, we performed Affymetrix GeneChip analysis using ALK inhibitor CH5424802-treated NCI-H2228 xenograft tumors, and comprehensively characterized the gene expression regulated by inhibition of activated ALK. Mice bearing NCI-H2228 cells were orally administered at dose of 0 (vehicle), 4 or 20 mg/kg of CH5424802, and the tumors were collected and lysed at 6 hours post-dose.     Total RNA were extracted from xenograft tumors.
 E-GEOD-20036 - Gene Expression Analysis of Deer Antler Identification of the changes in gene expression between the antler velvet and mesenchyme, pedicle skin and frontal skin tissues from adult male deers (Cervus elaphus). Hybridization data were analysed using MAS5, RMA, GCRMA and Dchip algorithms to maximize the chances of identifying gene expression changes.     Comparison of 4 tissues with 3 biological replicates each.     Samples were obtained from Velvet, Mesenchyme, Pedicle, and Frontal tissues of 3 adult males.
 E-MEXP-3357 - MicroRNA profiling by array of mouse medullary thymic epithelial cells from pre-diabetic NOD mice Due to high sequence identity between human and M. musculus microRNAs, we used in this study human microRNA microarrays to determine microRNA expression profiles of medullary thymic epithelial cells (mTECs) from thymus of pre-diabetic NOD mice.
 Expression data from MCF-7 cells stimulated by Estrogen or IGF-I   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Expression data from MCF-7 cells stimulated by Estrogen or IGF-I br / Number of assays: 9 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133A 2.0 [HG-U133A\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Compound, Time br / Last update: 12-08-2015 br / 
 Expression data from human brain tumors and human normal brain   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Expression data from human brain tumors and human normal brain br / Number of assays: 130 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Disease br / Last update: 25-08-2015 br / 
 Transcription profiling by array of human osteogenic cells at different stages of the differentiation process   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling by array of human osteogenic cells at different stages of the differentiation process br / Number of assays: 19 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Sampling Time Point br / Last update: 28-08-2015 br / 
 Gene expression profiles of fibroblasts and fibroblast-reprogrammed induced pluripotent stem cells (iPSCs) from childhood cerebral adrenoleukodystrophy patients and healthy controls   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Gene expression profiles of fibroblasts and fibroblast-reprogrammed induced pluripotent stem cells (iPSCs) from childhood cerebral adrenoleukodystrophy patients and healthy controls br / Number of assays: 13 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133A 2.0 [HG-U133A\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Cell Type, Disease br / Last update: 22-09-2015 br / 
 Regulation of gene expressions in vivo by anti-VEGF and anti-Notch therapy [HG-U133 Plus 2]   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Regulation of gene expressions in vivo by anti-VEGF and anti-Notch therapy [HG-U133 Plus 2] br / Number of assays: 9 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Compound br / Last update: 19-08-2015 br / 
 SRPIN803 small molecule inhibitor of SRPK1 effect on retinal pigment epithelial cell line Analysis of retinal pigment epithelial ARPE-19 cells treated with SRPIN803, a small molecule inhibitor of serine-arginine protein kinase 1 SRPK1. SRPK1 inhibition prevents pathological angiogenesis. Results provide insight into the molecular mechanisms underlying the inhibitory activity of SRPIN803.
 LNCap prostate cancer cell line response to loss of COnstitutive Photomorphogenic-1, ETV1 and c-JUN Analysis of LNCap prostate cancer cells following siRNA-mediated knockdown of COP1, ETV1, and c-JUN. Ubiquitin ligase COP1 (RFWD2) negatively regulates the abundance of ETV1 and c-JUN, both of which have been linked to PC. Results provide insight into the role of COP1 as a tumor suppressor in PC.
 Identical twins discordant for Multiple sclerosis: CD4+ and CD8+ T cells Analysis of CD4+ and CD8+ T lymphocytes sorted from PBMCs from 4 monozygotic twin pairs discordant for relapsing remitting Multiple sclerosis (RRMS). The affected twin was free of disease-modifying therapies. Results provide insight into molecular mechanisms underlying the etiopathogenesis of RRMS.
 Relapsing-remitting multiple sclerosis therapy of Interferon-β Betaferon or Rebif: peripheral mononuclear blood cells Temporal analysis of PBMCs from relapsing-remitting multiple sclerosis (RRMS) patients treated with Interferon-β-1b (Betaferon) or IFNβ-1a (Rebif). Half of the patients developed neutralizing antibodies (NAB) to IFNβ. Results provide insight into molecular basis of IFNβ bioactivity in MS patient
 Perforin 1 polymorphism effect on male patients with primary progressive multiple sclerosis: peripheral blood mononuclear cells Analysis of PBMCs from primary-progressive multiple sclerosis (PPMS) male patients carrying risk (GAA/AGA) or protective (AGA/AGA) perforin 1 (PRF1) haplotypes. Results provide insight into associations between PRF1 polymorphisms and male patients with MS, particularly male patients with PPMS.
 Transcription profiling by array of human akt-activated endothelial cells and mesenchymal progenitors to compare the cytokines and membrane factors that are differentially expressed   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling by array of human akt-activated endothelial cells and mesenchymal progenitors to compare the cytokines and membrane factors that are differentially expressed br / Number of assays: 6 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Cell Type br / Last update: 22-10-2015 br / 
 Postmortem temporal cortex from Medical Research Council Cognitive Function and Ageing Study (MRC-CFAS) cohort: astrocytes Analysis of GFAP+ astrocytes representing different Braak stages and ApoE genotypes, in post-mortem temporal cortex samples. Astrocytes synthesize ApoE, which is involved in the astrocytic clearance of aggregated β-amyloid plaques. Results provide insight into role of ApoE in Alzheimer's pathology.
 Post-therapeutic relapse of psoriasis: whole skin punch biopsies Analysis of skin samples from 4 responding patients who relapsed following efalizumab treatment for psoriasis: baseline non-lesional and lesional samples; week 12 post-treatment and relapse samples. Results provide insight into molecular mechanisms underlying post-therapeutic relapse of psoriasis.
 Psoriasis vulgaris ACCEPT cohort: paired lesional and non-lesional skin Analysis of 85 paired lesional and non-lesional samples from moderate-to-severe psoriasis patients at baseline without active psoriasis therapy. Results provide insight into the molecular mechanisms underlying psoriasis.
 Colorectal cancer cell line SW480 response to Snail overexpression Analysis of SW480 CRC cells stably overexpressing Snail, an EMT activator highly expressed in CRC colonospheres. SW480-Snail cells display most properties of colonospheres, including cell dedifferentiation. Results provide insight into molecular mechanisms underlying EMT-related malignancy.
 G-protein-coupled receptor kinase 2 inhibition effect on HEK cells in vitro and in vivo Analysis of HEK cells expressing dominant-negative GRK2-K220R. HEK cells were cultured, or expanded in NOD.Scid mice, or re-cultured after NOD.Scid expansion. GRK2-K220R enhances growth of NOD.Scid HEK cells but not cultured HEK cells. Results provide insight into basis of growth control by GRK2.
 Differentiating glioblastoma-initiating cells Analysis of cultures of progenitor and 4-day differentiated glioblastoma cells (GICs) derived from surgical specimens.  Following induction of differentiation, NFκB is activated in GICs. Results provide insight into molecular mechanisms underlying the control of differentiation of GICs.
 Filarial nematode asparaginyl-tRNA synthetase effect on immature dendritic cells Analysis of iDCs stimulated with rBmAsnRS, a recombinant nematode protein. Dysregulation of DCs has been implicated in human inflammatory bowel disease (IBD) pathogenesis. rBmAsnRS attenuates colonic inflammation in a murine model of IBD. Results provide insight into the molecular basis of IBD.
 Childhood cerebral adrenoleukodystrophy: primary dermal fibroblasts Analysis of fibroblasts from patients with CCALD, the childhood cerebral form of X-linked adrenoleukodystrophy (X-ALD). X-ALD is an early onset X-linked neurological disorder affecting the nervous, adrenocortical, and male reproductive systems. Results provide insight into molecular basis of CCALD.
 Colon cancer cell lines with acquired resistance to BRAF inhibitor Analysis of HT29 and Colo205 parental colorectal cancer (CRC) cell lines and HT29 and Colo205 clones with acquired resistance to BRAF inhibitor PLX4720. BRAF is a protein kinase in the RAS/RAF/MEK/ERK pathway. Results provide insight into mechanisms of acquired resistance to BRAF inhibitors in CRC.
 Melanoma cell line response to the depletion of various transcription factors and signaling proteins Analysis of cultured A375 melanoma cells depleted for various transcription factors and signaling proteins. Results provide insight into the molecular pathogenesis of melanoma.
 Glycogen synthase kinase 3 α knockdown in acute myeloid leukemia  cell lines Analysis of AML cell lines infected with shRNAs against glycogen synthase kinase 3 α and β isoforms (GSK-3α, GSK-3β). GSK-3 is a multifunctional serine threonine kinase; specific loss of GSK-3α induces differentiation in AML. Results provide insight into the role of GSK-3α in AML.
 ATP effect on acute myeloid leukemia lymphoblasts Analysis of lymphoblasts from 12 acute myeloid leukemia (AML) patients cultured for 24hrs with ATP. Extracellular nucleotide ATP inhibits proliferation and accumulation of AML cells. Results provide insight into the molecular mechanisms underlying the inhibitory activity of ATP on leukemic cells.
 MYC oncogene overexpression and silencing effect in medulloblastoma DAOY cells Analysis of medulloblastoma (MB)-derived cell lines genetically manipulated to either overexpress or silence the MYC oncogene. MYC overexpression and/or amplification is associated with poor clinical outcome. Results provide insight into transcriptional targets mediating the effects of MYC in MB.
 Primary central nervous system lymphoma patients: brain tumor Analysis of brain tumor tissue from primary central nervous system lymphoma (PCNSL) patients. PCNSL is an extranodal form of non-Hodgkin lymphoma that arises in the craniospinal axis. Results provide insight into the molecular mechanisms underlying survival in patients with PCNSL.
 Pimecrolimus and betamethasone valerate effects on lesional skin of actopic dermatitis Analysis of skin biopsies from AD patients treated with pimecrolimus on 1 upper limb and betamethasone (BM) on the other upper limb. BM is clinically more effective but does not restore the skin barrier, compared to pimecrolimus. Results provide insight into mechanisms of action of both substances.
 RhoGTP dissociation inhibitor 2 effect on UM-UC-3 bladder cancer cells Analysis of UM-UC-3 bladder carcinoma cells (low RhoGDI2-expressing and highly metastatic) stably transfected with GFP-RhoGDI2. RhoGDI2 is a metastasis suppressor protein. Results provide insight into the molecular basis of RhoGD12-mediated blockage of prometastatic inflammatory host response.
 Large RS-like factor SON knockdown effect in HeLa cervical cancer cell line Analysis of HeLa cells depleted of SON, a large Ser/Arg (SR)-related protein localized in nuclear speckles. SON depletion severely impairs spindle pole separation, microtubule dynamics, and genome integrity. Results provide insight into the role of SON in cell-cycle progression.
 Clinical outcome of stage UICC II colon cancer patients Analysis of tumor cells from sporadic stage UICC II colon cancer patients who were treated by elective standard oncological resection but developed relapse during follow-up. Results provide insight into the challenges of constructing molecular signatures predictive for patient outcome.
 Primary colorectal cancer HT29 cell line colonospheres Analysis of colonospheres from primary colorectal cancer (CRC) cell line HT29.  Results provide insight into potential regulators governing stemness and malignancy traits in CRC colonospheres
 Infantile-onset Pompe disease: biceps Analysis of biceps biopsies from untreated patients with infantile-onset Pompe. Pompe disease is a genetic disorder resulting from lysosomal acid alpha-glucosidase (GAA) deficiency; the severest form affects infants. Results provide insight into the molecular basis of infantile-onset Pompe disease.
 Small-molecule DOT1L inhibitor EPZ004777 effect on mixed lineage leukemia cells: time course Temporal analysis of mixed lineage leukemia (MLL)-rearranged cell lines MV4-11 and MOLM-13 treated with EPZ004777, a potent inhibitor of DOT1L histone methyl transferase. EPZ004777 induces differentiation and apoptosis in MLL-rearranged cells. Results provide insight into role of DOT1L in MLL cells.
 Notch-on and Notch-off effects on T-lymphoblastic leukemia cell line CUTLL1: time course Analysis of Notch1-dependent TLL cell line CUTLL1 treated with γ-secretase-inhibitor (GSI) to block Notch signaling, subjected to GSI washout to induce Notch1 reactivation, and incubated up to 4hr with translational inhibitor cycloheximide. Results provide insight into Notch1 function in TLL.
 3-Deazaneplanocin A effect on multiple myeloma cells Analysis of MM cell lines (KMS18, MM.1S, NCI-H929, OPM-2) exposed to 500nM 3-Deazaneplanocin A (DZNep). DZNep potently inhibited growth and induced apoptosis in the NCI-H929 and MM.1S cell lines. Results provide insight into the molecular mechanisms underlying DZNep-induced apoptosis in MM cells.
 Chronic lymphocytic leukemia response to antisense Bcl-2 inhibitor SPC2996: peripheral blood Temporal analysis of peripheral blood from 18 relapsed CLL patients treated with a maximum of 6 doses (0.2-6mg/kg) of SPC2996, an antisense molecule targeting the mRNA of Bcl-2 oncoprotein. Results provide insight into the molecular basis of the immunostimulatory effects of SPC2996 in CLL.
 Clear-cell renal cell carcinoma tumors and tumorgrafts deficient for tumor suppressor BAP1 or PBRM1 Analysis of BAP1- and PBRM1-deficient ccRCC primary tumors, tumors growing in immunodeficient mice (tumorgrafts), and matched normal kidney cortices. BAP1 loss, but not PBRM1 loss, is associated with high-grade tumors. Results provide insight into molecular classification of RCC subtypes.
 External beam radiation therapy effect on prostate cancer patients: peripheral white blood cells Analysis of peripheral blood from men with non-metastatic prostate cancer (PC) on days 1, 7, 14, 21, 42 of external beam radiation therapy (EBRT), and at 30 days post-EBRT. Fatigue is a common side effect of EBRT. Results provide insight into molecular basis of fatigue in men with PC during EBRT.
 BCL6 corepressor somatic mutation in acute myeloid leukemia with normal karyotype: Ficoll-enriched mononuclear cells Analysis of mononuclear cells from normal karyotype, acute myeloid leukemia (CN-AML) patients with BCL6 corepressor (BCOR) mutation. CN-AML BCOR mutations are associated with oculo-facio-cardiodental genetic syndrome and poor outcome. Results provide insight into role of BCOR in CN-AML pathogenesis.
 Primary hepatocyte response to interferon-α or interleukin 28B: time course Analysis of primary hepatocytes up to 24 hrs after treatment with cytokines: interferon (IFN)-α or interleukin 28B (IL28B, a type III IFN). Members of type III IFN system possess antiviral activities against Hepatitis C Virus (HCV). Results provide insight into role of III IFNs in HCV infection.
 Programmed Death-1-expressing CD8 T cells in healthy adult peripheral blood Analysis of PD-1hi, PD-1lo, and naive CD8+CD3+ T cells FACS-sorted from peripheral blood of healthy adults. PD-1, a member of the CD28 family of immune modulators, is highly expressed on chronic virus-specific CD8 T cells. Results provide insight into PD-1-expressing CD8 T cells in healthy adults.
 AIDS-related lymphomas Analysis of tumors from HIV+ male patients with AIDS-related lymphomas (ARL). HIV+ individuals have an increased risk of developing an aggressive B-cell Non-Hodgkin Lymphoma relative to HIV- persons. Results identify a signature for ARL subtypes and provide insight into pathogenetic events in ARL.
 Mixed-lineage leukemia MLL translocation subgroups in pediatric acute myeloid leukemia Analysis of mostly bone marrow cells from pediatric acute myeloid leukemia (AML) patients belonging to various mixed-lineage leukemia (MLL) translocation subgroups. AML with rearrangements involving the MLL gene, located on chromosome 11q23, are associated with poor clinical outcome.
 Infant biliary atresia: liver Analysis of liver wedge biopsies from infants at diagnosis of biliary atresia (BA). The biopsies underwent histological scoring and were classified as inflammation or fibrosis. Results provide insight into the molecular mechanisms underlying stages of BA disease at diagnosis.
 Scleroderma-associated pulmonary hypertension: peripheral blood mononuclear cells Analysis of PBMCs from scleroderma patients with pulmonary arterial hypertension (PAH). PAH is a common, potentially fatal complication of chronic systemic scleroderma. Results provide insight into the molecular mechanisms underlying scleroderma-related PAH.
 p53 mutations in microsatellite-stable, stage III colorectal cancer Analysis of Stage III CRCs exhibiting microsatellite-stable (MSS) and mutant p53 phenotypic features. p53 mutations are associated with higher Stage III MSS CRC mortality than p53 wild-type phenotypes. Results provide further insight into the prognostic value of p53 mutations in Stage III MSS CRCs.
 Leukemia-specific fusion gene ETV6/RUNX1 knockdown effect on ETV6/RUNX1-positive, B-cell precursor acute lymphoblastic leukemia cell lines Analysis of ETV6/RUNX1 (E/R) fusion gene-positive, BCP ALL cell lines (AT2 and REH) following E/R knockdown. E/R (also known as TEL/AML1) is the most frequent gene fusion in childhood ALL. Results provide insight into role of E/R gene fusion in leukemia propagation and maintenance.
 Skeletal repair in non-union fractures (HG-U95A) Identification of mechanisms leading to lack of skeletal repair in non-union fractures. Non-union fractures do not heal six months after injury and may cause advanced arthritis or loss of limb function. Normal and non-union callous bone samples examined.
 Breast cancer and docetaxel treatment Breast cancer core biopsies taken from patients found to be resistant (greater than 25% residual tumor volume) or sensitive (less than 25% residual tumor volume) to docetaxel treatment.
 Glaucoma and aqueous humor outflow Glaucoma study investigating molecular basis of increase in aqueous humor outflow when human ciliary muscle or human trabecular meshwork cells are treated with prostaglandin analogs latanoprost free acid or prostaglandin F2alpha.
 Duchenne muscular dystrophy (II) (HG-U95A) Search for modifying factors and pathogenic pathways involved in Duchenne muscular dystrophy (DMD). Quadricep skeletal muscle biopsies from 12 DMD patients and 11 unaffected control patients examined.
 NOD/SCID/huALL xenotransplant model of pediatric acute leukemia Analysis of xenograft leukemia samples from NOD/SCID mice transplanted with leukemia cells from patients with pediatric BCP-ALL. The xenograft samples displayed short or long “Time To Leukemia” (TTL). Results provide insight into molecular mechanisms underlying the distinct TTL phenotypes.
 Peripheral venous congestion model: endothelial cells Analysis of venous endothelial cells (EC) following experimental venous hypertension treatment, a venous stress test designed to model peripheral venous congestion. Results provide insight into the molecular consequences of peripheral acute venous congestion in ECs.
 MED1 overexpression effect on prostate cancer cell line Analysis of LNCaP prostate cancer cells overexpressing the Mediator of RNA polymerase II transcription factor 1 (MED1). MED1 is a coactivator of the androgen receptor and other signal-activated transcription factors. Results provide insight into the role of MED1 overexpression in prostate cancer.
 Bronchial epithelial cell response to rhinovirus infection and cigarette smoke exposure Analysis of cultured bronchial epithelial cells (BECs) after rhinovirus (RV) infection, cigarette smoke extract exposure, or both. The airway epithelial cell is the primary site of RV infection. Results provide insight into the impact of cigarette smoking on the response of BECs to RV infections.
 Extracellular matrix protein cysteine rich 61 (CCN1) effect on LN229 glioma cells Analysis of LN229 glioma cells with doxycycline-inducible expression of Cyr61 (CCN1), induced for 24h with doxycycline. CCN1 expression may reduce efficacy of oncolytic HSV-1 brain cancer therapy. Results provide insight into CCN1-mediated oncolytic HSV-1 inhibition.
 Leukocyte inflammatory responses to lipopolysaccharide Analysis of whole blood following 4 hour treatment with lipolysaccharide (LPS). Leukocytes from individuals with high and low responses to LPS examined. LPS response assessed by measuring cytokine production. Results provide insight into the variability of LPS responses between individuals.
 Head and neck squamous cell carcinoma tumors harboring human papillomavirus Analysis of 8 head and neck squamous cell carcinoma (HNSCC) tumors positive for human papilloma virus (HPV). 28 HNSCC HPV negative tumors examined. Between 15% and 35% of HNSCCs harbor HPV DNA. Results provide insight into the effect of HPV infection in HNSCC.
 Kaposi's sarcoma-associated herpesvirus LANA overexpression in B lymphoid cells: time course Expression profiling of B lymphoid cell lines overexpressing the latency-associated nuclear antigen (LANA) of Kaposi's sarcoma-associated herpesvirus. B cells made to express LANA from a tetracycline inducible promoter.  Expression examined at various time points up to 48 hours after induction.
 Tumor necrosis factor effect in the absence of NF-kappaB activity: time course Temporal analysis of the effect of tumor necrosis factor (TNF)  on gene expression in HeLa cells with NF-kappaB inactivated. NF-kappaB inactivated with 2 ug/ml doxycycline. Cells examined at various time points following stimulation with 25 ng/ml TNF. Results identify potential targets of NF-kappaB.
 TNFalpha effect on epidermal keratinocytes in the presence of NF-kappa B inhibitor: time course Analysis of epidermal keratinocytes treated with TNFalpha in the presence of 10 uM parthenolide, an NF-kappa B inhibitor. Cells examined at various time points up to 48 hours following TNFalpha treatment. Results identify NF-kappa B-dependent subset of TNFalpha-regulated genes.
 Interferon-alpha effect on monocytes primed with interferon-gamma Expression profiling of monocytes cultured for 2 days with 150 pg/ml interferon (IFN) gamma and then stimulated with 25 ng/ml of IFN-alpha.  Monocytes obtained from 3 donors.  Results provide insight into mechanisms underlying the enhanced response of IFN primed monocytes to cytokines.
 Rheumatoid arthritis and TNFalpha Analysis of rheumatoid arthritis synovial fibroblasts (RASF) expressing dominant negative form of inhibitor of nuclear factor kappa B (Ik-B). Ik-B blocks TNFalpha. Cells treated with TNFalpha at 18 hours. TNFalpha known to increase progression of RA.
 Acute myeloid leukemia response to chemotherapy Analysis of mononuclear cells from 54 chemotherapy treated patients less than 15 years of age with acute myeloid leukemia (AML). Mononuclear cells taken from peripheral blood or bone marrow. Results identify expression patterns associated with complete remission and relapse with resistant disease.
 Autophagy effect on the MHC class II antigenic peptide repertoire Analysis of Awells B-lymphoblastoid cell line after 6 and 24 hours of starvation-induced autophagy. Results identify the influence of autophagy on the MHC-II ligandome, in promoting MHC-II presentation of antigens from intracellular source proteins, and on the MHC-II antigen-processing machinery.
 Papillary renal cell carcinoma classification Analysis of renal tumors from 34 papillary renal cell carcinoma (PRCC) cases. Results identify 2 molecular signatures that correlate with the morphologic classification of PRCC. Molecular class type 1 tumors correlate with excellent survival, while type 2 tumors correlate with poor survival.
 IFN-gamma primed macrophage response to IFN-gamma restimulation: time course Analysis of CD14+ monocytes primed with 3 U/ml (subactivating dose) IFN-gamma for 48 hours and restimulated with 100 U/ml (saturating dose) IFN-gamma for various time point up to 24 hours. Results provide insight into the influence of IFN-gamma priming on IFN-gamma induced transcriptional responses.
 B-cell chronic lymphocytic leukemia progression Analysis of primary lymphocytes from B-cell chronic lymphocytic leukemia (B-CLL) patients. Lymphocytes from patients with indolent B-CLL compared to those with progressive B-CLL. Results identify putative gene markers of B-CLL progression from a stable to an aggressive state.
 Antiretroviral therapy effect on brain of patients with HIV-associated neurocognitive disorders Analysis of postmortem brain of ART-treated, HIV-1-associated neurocognitive disorders (HAND) patients. ART reduces morbidity and mortality in HIV infection, but HAND persist despite treatment. Results provide insight into ART effectiveness in brain and into molecular signatures of HAND under ART.
 Pituitary adenoma predisposition: whole blood Analysis of whole blood from individuals with pituitary adenoma predisposition. Pituitary adenomas are common benign neoplasms characterized by oversecretion of growth hormone, leading to acromegaly. Results provide insight into the molecular basis of pituitary adenomas.
 Hypertension-related calcium-regulated gene overexpression effect on kidney cell line Analysis of HEK293 kidney cells overexpressing the hypertension-related calcium-regulated gene (HCaRG). HCaRG is involved in the control of renal cell proliferation and differentiation. Results provide insight into the role of HCaRG in kidney repair after injury.
 Early onset colorectal cancer: normal-appearing colonic mucosa Analysis of normal-appearing colonic mucosa of early onset colorectal cancer (CRC) patients without a prior family history of CRC. Results provide insight into the molecular pathogenesis of early onset CRC.
 Endothelial cell response to ultrafine particles Analysis of pulmonary artery endothelial cells HPAEC exposed to ultrafine particles for 4 hours. Results provide insight into the molecular basis of the association of pollutant particle exposure to increased cardiovascular mortality and morbidity.
 Cigarette smoking effect on T lymphocytes Analysis of T lymphocytes of 3 male heavy smokers. Results provide insight into sensitivity of T lymphocytes to cigarette smoking.
 Head and neck squamous cell carcinoma Analysis of paired normal tissues and tumor samples from patients with head and neck squamous cell carcinoma (HNSCC).  Results used to assess the effectiveness of using a combinatorial approach to analyze microarray data in identifying differentially expressed genes.
 Invasive ductal and lobular breast carcinomas Analysis of invasive ductal carcinoma (IDC) cells, invasive lobular carcinoma (ILC) cells, and their normal counterparts. Cells obtained from postmenopausal breast cancer patients.  Results provide insight into the molecular differences between IDC and ILC.
 Vitamin D effect on bronchial smooth muscle cells Analysis of bronchial muscle cells treated with 1alpha,25-dihydroxy-vitamin D3, the ligand for the vitamin D receptor (VDR). Genetic variants in VDR are associated with asthma. Results provide insight into the molecular basis of this association.
 Epidermal growth factor effect on mammary epithelial cell line: time course Analysis of mammary epithelial MCF10A cells following treatment with epidermal growth factor for various time points up to 480 minutes. Results provide insight into the dynamics of growth factor signaling.
 Skeletal muscle response to weight loss Analysis of vastus lateralis muscles of morbidly obese patients before and after gastric bypass surgery. Surgical treatment of severe obesity such as gastric bypass provides the most dramatic reductions in body weight. Results provide insight into the pathogenesis of obesity.
 Limb immobilization effect on skeletal muscle Analysis of vastus lateralis muscle after knee immobilization for 48 hours. Limbs immobilized due to injury or illness experience significant muscle atrophy within 1 or 2 weeks. Results provide insight into the mechanisms regulating the rapid protein degradation in immobilized skeletal muscles.
 Methyl-CpG-binding protein 2 binding disruption during neuronal maturation Analysis of SH-SY5Y cells undergoing PMA-induced neuronal maturational differentiation after transfection with a MeCP2 decoy to disrupt binding of MeCP2 to endogenous targets. Results provide insight into the pathogenesis of Rett syndrome, a neurodevelopmental disorder caused by mutations in MeCP2.
 Glucose-dependent insulinotropic peptide-dependent adrenal hyperplasia Analysis of hyperplastic adrenal glands from patients with glucose-dependent insulinotropic peptide (GIP)-dependent Cushing's Syndrome (CS) or ACTH-dependent CS. Results provide insight into the molecular basis of the ectopic adrenal expression of GIPR in GIP-dependent CS.
 Insulin-resistant polycystic ovary syndrome: muscle Analysis of vastus lateralis muscles from women with insulin-resistant polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS). Insulin resistance in skeletal muscles is a risk factor for the development of type 2 diabetes in women with PCOS. Results provide insight into the pathogenesis of insulin resistance in PCOS.
 Non-small cell lung carcinoma cell line response to cisplatin Analysis of cisplatin-resistant A549 lung adenocarcinoma cell line treated with cisplatin, a chemotherapy drug. Its cytotoxic effects are likely due to the DNA damage it induces in cells. Results provide insight into molecular mechanisms underlying the response of A549 to cisplatin insult.
 Monocyte-derived macrophage response to decoy receptor 3 Analysis of monocyte-derived macrophages (MDMs) treated with decoy receptor 3 (DcR3) recombinant fusion protein. DcR3, a TNF receptor superfamily member, is up-regulated in tumors from diverse lineages. Results provide insight into the role of DcR3 in tumor-associated macrophage (TAM) development.
 YAP overexpression effect on MCF10A mammary epithelial cell line Analysis of MCF10A mammary epithelial cells overexpressing the transcriptional coactivator YAP.  The Hippo pathway impinges on YAP in mammals to coordinate cell proliferation and apoptosis. Results provide insight into molecular components of the Hippo pathway in mammalian cells.
 Monocyte-derived dendritic cell response to VAF347 Analysis of immature monocyte-derived dendritic cells following activation with anti-CD40 antibodies for 8 hours in the presence of VAF347. VAF347 is a low molecular weight compound that inhibits allergic lung inflammation in vivo. Results provide insight into the mechanism of action of VAF347.
 Bronchopulmonary dysplasia: premature newborn umbilical cords Analysis of umbilical cord tissues from extremely low gestational age newborns, between 23 to 27 weeks gestational age, some of who subsequently developed the chronic lung disorder bronchopulmonary dysplasia (BPD).  Results provide insight into the molecular mechanisms underlying BPD pathogenesis.
 Stromal cells and invasive breast cancer development Analysis of epithelium and stroma cells in normal and invasive breast cancer tissues. Information on the role that stroma tissues have on the growth and progression of cancer is limited.Results provide insights into the molecular basis of cancer invasion and metastasis.
 Exhaustive exercise effect on peripheral blood mononuclear cells and T lymphocytes Analysis of peripheral blood mononuclear cells and T lymphocytes from individuals before and after a bout of acute exhaustive exercise. White blood cell (WBC) subpopulations shift during physical activities. Results provide insight into the response of sorted WBC subpopulations to acute exercise.
 Immature dendritic cell response to Aspergillus fumigatus infection in vitro Analysis of dendritic cells (DCs) infected with Aspergillus fumigatus (AF) in vitro. DCs obtained from two healthy donors. AF is a ubiquitous mold and a common cause of invasive aspergillosis (IA) in immunocompromised patients. Results provide insight into DC involvement in antifungal defense.
 Aldosterone-producing adeonoma Analysis of aldosterone-producing adenoma (APA) samples from patients with primary hyperaldosteronism (PA). The source of aldosterone in many patients with PA is unilateral APA. Results provide insight into the mechanisms causing elevated aldosterone production in APA.
 Low and high grade astrocytomas Comparison of low and high grade astrocytoma brain tumors. Results provide insight into the molecular differences between the two types of tumors.
 Anti-cancer agent sapphyrin PCI-2050 effect on lung cancer cell line: dose response Analysis of A549 lung cancer cells following treatment with anti-cancer agent sapphyrin PCI-2050 or transcription inhibitor actinomycin D. Hydrophilic sapphyrins localize to tumors, generate oxidative stress, and inhibit gene expression.
 Small airway epithelium response to cigarette smoking Analysis of small airway epithelial cells of phenotypically normal smokers. The earliest morphologic evidence of changes in the airways associated with chronic cigarette smoking is in the small airways. Results provide insight into how smoking modifies small airway structure and function.
 Dermal lymphatic endothelial cell response to tumor necrosis factor alpha Analysis of dermal lymphatic endothelial cells treated with tumor necrosis factor alpha to define inflammation-induced changes. Results provide insight into the mechanisms regulating the transmigration of leukocytes from inflamed skin across the lymphatic vessel endothelium into lymph nodes.
 Heat shock transcription factor HSF1 depleted cells response to heat shock: time course Analysis of HSF1-depleted HeLa cells at various time points up to 24 hours following heat shock treatment at 43 degrees C. Heat shock transcription factor HSF1 silenced using RNA interference (siHSF1 1, siHSF1 2). Results provide insight into the structure and function of the HSF1 signaling network.
 Papillary thyroid cancer Expression profiling of 7 papillary thyroid carcinoma (PTC) samples. PTC is the most common type of thyroid cancer, representing up to 80% of all malignant thyroid tumors. Results provide insight into potential molecular markers for PTC.
 Autocrine platelet-derived growth factor inhibition effect on malignant gliomas Analysis of U87 glioblastoma (GBM) cell clones overexpressing a dominant-negative form of platelet-derived growth factor (PDGF) A subunit to inactive the PDGF autocrine signaling loop. The autocrine PDGF loop is a hallmark of GBM. Results identify genes regulated by oncogenic PDGF signaling.
 Heregulin and forskolin mitogenic effect on cultured Schwann cells Analysis of passage 1 and passage 3 Schwann cell cultures obtained from four donors and maintained in the presence of the heregulin and forskolin. Heregulin and forskolin synergistically drive Schwann cell proliferation in vitro.
 Neural tube defect: amniotic fluid Analysis of amniotic fluid samples from pregnant women carrying fetuses with neural tube defects (NTDs) diagnosed during ultrasound examination. Results provide insight into the feasibility of using amniotic fluid samples to characterize polygenic disorders, such as NTD, at the molecular level.
 Rheumatoid arthritis and osteoarthritis: synovial fibroblasts Comparison of synovial fibroblasts from patients with rheumatoid arthritis (RA) to those with osteoarthritis (OA). RA is characterized by chronic inflammation and destruction of multiple joints. OA is a degenerative disease resulting from the breakdown of cartilage.
 Polyamide-chlorambucil conjugate 1R-Chl effect on leukemia cell line Analysis of leukemia K562 cells treated with the polyamide-chlorambucil conjugate 1R-Chl. 1R-Chl down-regulates transcription of the human histone H4c gene and inhibits the growth of several cancer cell lines in vitro.
 Granulocyte colony-stimulating factor mobilized leukocytes Analysis of leukocytes from individuals before and after the administration of granulocyte colony-stimulating factor (G-CSF). G-CSF is used to boost granulocyte counts in immunocompromised patients. Results provide insight into the effect of G-CSF on the immune system.
 Endometriosis: endometrial endothelial cells Analysis of cultured endometrial endothelial cells derived from the eutopic endometria of patients with endometriosis. Results provide insight into the role of aberrant angiogenesis in the pathogenesis of endometriosis.
 Encapsulated Streptococcus pneumoniae strains effect on pharyngeal epithelial cell line Analysis of pharyngeal epithelial cells exposed to various encapsulated strains of Streptococcus pneumoniae. Nasopharynx colonization by S. pneumoniae is mediated by adherence to the respiratory epithelium. Results provide insight into the capsule-dependent host response to pneumococcal adherence.
 Quercetin effect on intestinal cell differentiation in vitro: time course Analysis of post-confluent Caco-2 colon cancer cells up to 10 days after treatment with ascorbate-stabilized quercetin, a polyphenol antioxidant compound. Caco-2 cells differentiate after reaching confluency. Results provide insight into quercetin's role in cell-proliferation and -differentiation.
 Vectorless gravity effect on T cell activation Analysis of T cells costimulated with concanavalin A and anti-CD28 antibody in a vectorless gravity environment, which approximates true freefall or microgravity experienced in spaceflight. Results provide insight into the molecular basis of the altered immune function experienced by astronauts.
 Docetaxel resistant prostate cancer cell line Analysis of prostate cancer cell lines resistant to docetaxel chemotherapy, DU-145R and PC-3R, which were derived from cell lines DU-145 and PC-3, respectively. Results provide insight into the molecular mechanisms underlying docetaxel resistance.
 Obesity-associated insulin resistance independent of BMI: omental and subcutaneous adipose tissues Analysis of omental and subcutaneous adipose tissue samples from a body mass index (BMI)-matched, morbidly-obese cohort of patients that are either insulin-sensitive or insulin-resistant. Results provide insight into mechanisms underlying obesity-related insulin resistance independent of BMI.
 Breast cancer cell lines treated with methylated or unmethylated DNA oligos Analysis of breast cancer cell lines BT-20 and Hs578T treated with methylated or un-methylated CpG DNA oligos: CDH13 and ODN 2006. Results provide insight into molecular mechanisms triggered by methylated, but not by unmethylated DNA, that could be involved in tumour biology.
 GATA3 ectopic expression effect on MDA-MB-231 breast cancer cells Analysis of MDA-MB-231 cells transduced with a lentivirus expressing GATA3. Luminal transcriptional regulator GATA3 reduces tumorigenicity and metastases of basal triple negative breast cancers (TNBC). Results provide insight into molecular basis of GATA3-mediated reduction of TNBC metastases.
 Zinc finger transcription factor induced fulvestrant resistant MCF7-R73 breast cancer cell lines Analysis of fulvestrant-sensitive MCF7-R73 cells retrovirally induced with various zinc finger transcription factors. Six unique ZF-TFs conferred stable fulvestrant-resistance. Results provide insight into molecular mechanisms underlying acquired fulvestrant-resistance in breast cancer cells.
 Model of cerebral aging and Alzheimer's disease: temporal cortex Analysis of temporal cortex of young adult, old healthy, and Alzheimer’s disease (AD-like) animals. AD-like animals presented ß-amyloid plaques and cortical atrophy, which are signs of AD in humans. Results provided insight into molecular basis of physiological versus pathological brain aging.
 Genetic reprogramming of prostate cancer-associated stromal cells Analysis of induced pluripotent stem cells (iPSCs) obtained from sorted CD90+ prostate cancer (CP)-associated stromal cells cultured and transfected with stem cell transcription factor POU5F1/LIN28/NANOG/SOX2 expression vectors. Results provide insight into the stemness of CP stromal-derived iPSCs.
 Isoflavone and 3,3’-diindolylmethane effect on C4-2B prostate cancer cells Analysis of C4-2B prostate cancer (PCa) cells treated with isoflavone (IsoF) and 3,3’- diindolylmethane (B-DIM) for up to 72 hours. IsoF and B-DIM inhibited the signal transductions in PCa signaling. Results provide insight into molecular mechanisms underlying PCa growth.
 Reactive stroma of breast and prostate cancer Analysis of stroma associated with prostate and breast invasive tumors. Stromal reaction (tumor-associated tissue remodeling) occurs in various cancers. Results provide insight into whether this stromal response is largely a generic phenomenon or whether it reflects tumor-specific properties.
 Late passage LNCaP prostate tumor cells treated with androgen receptor shRNA or androgen R1881 Analysis of late passage (LP50) LNCaP cells treated with AR shRNA or control shRNA, grown in hormone-free media to deplete androgen, and treated with androgen R1881 or vehicle. Results provide insight into molecular mechanisms underlying acquired androgen independence of late passage LNCaP cells.
 Transforming growth factor beta effect on Panc-1 pancreatic adenocarcinoma cell line Analysis of Panc-1 cells treated with TGFβ to induce epithelial-mesenchymal transition. During EMT, cancer cells lose epithelial specific proteins and gain mesenchymal proteins to acquire migratory/invasive phenotype essential for metastasis. Results provide insight into molecular basis of EMT.
 Masitinib-gemcitabin effect on gemcitabine-refractory Mia Paca-2 pancreatic tumor cell line Analysis of Mia Paca2 cells after treatment with masitinib combined with standard gemcitabine chemotherapy. Masitinib is a tyrosine kinase inhibitor of c-Kit, PDGFRα and β. Results provide insight into the therapeutic potential of masitinib in vitro on human pancreatic tumor cell lines.
 ICF cohort: Whole-tissue pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma Analysis of pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma (PDAC) tumors and matching normal pancreatic tissue from ICF pancreatic cancer patients. PDAC is an aggressive, rapidly disseminating, desmoplastic cancer with poor prognosis. Results provide insight into molecular processes involved in PDAC pathology.
 Response of pancreatic and colorectal cancer cells to CD24 down-regulation by monoclonal antibody or small interfering RNA Analysis of HT29 and Colo357 cancer cell lines following treatment with anti-CD24 mAbs, and HT29 cells after expression of 1 or 2 shRNA vectors directed at the CD24 gene. CD24 is overexpressed in a large variety of human malignancies. Results provide insight into the role of CD4 in carcinogenesis.
 Tamoxifen effect on SRC-1-deficient endocrine-resistant breast cancer cell line LY2 Analysis of endocrine-resistant LY2 breast cancer cells depleted of p160 steroid coactivator protein SRC-1 and treated with tamoxifen. SRC-1 is central to the development of the endocrine resistant phenotype. Results provide insight into the molecular basis of endocrine resistant breast cancer.
 Imatinib mesylate effect on bone marrow hematopoietic cells of chronic myeloid leukemia patients Analysis of bone marrow hematopoietic cells in chronic myeloid leukemia (CML) patients one month after imatinib mesylate (IM) therapy. CML is caused by expression of the BCR/ABL fusion oncogene. Results provide insight into the molecular consequences of IM blockade of oncoprotein Bcr-Abl in CML.
 Psoriasis Analysis of lesional and non-lesional skins from patients with psoriasis. Psoriasis is an immune-mediated disease characterized by aberrant epidermal differentiation, surface scale formation, and marked cutaneous inflammation. Results provide insight into the molecular pathogenesis of psoriasis.
 Polybrominated diphenyl ethers effect on adrenocortical carcinoma cell line Analysis of H295R adrenocortical carcinoma cells treated with the hydroxylated polybrominated biphenyl ether (PBDE) 2-OH-BDE47 or 2-OH-BDE85. PBDEs are used as flame retardants in various products. The two PBDEs are cytotoxic. Results provide insight into the molecular basis of PBDE cytotoxicity.
 Lymphatic endothelial cell response to Prox1 and NR2F2 depletion Analysis of lymphatic endothelial cells (LECs) depleted for Prox1, NR2F2, or both regulators. LECs are derived from venous endothelial cells (VECs). Prox1 and NR2F2 regulate LEC and VEC development, respectively. Results provide insight into the role of NR2F2 and Prox1 in maintaining LEC phenotypes.
 Monozygotic and dizygotic twin pairs: intestinal mucosa Analysis of healthy intestinal mucosa biopsies from 10 monozygotic and 10 dizygotic twin pairs. Barrier organs such as the gut are exposed to continual environmental challenge. Results provide insight into genetic and non-genetic determinants of gene expression.
 Non-small lung cancer subtypes: adenocarcinoma and squamous cell carcinoma Comparison of two non-small cell lung cancer histological subtypes: adenocarcinomas (AC) and squamous cell carcinomas (SCC). Results provide insight into the molecular differences between AC and SCC.
 Obesity: adipocyte expression profile (HG-U95Av2) Analysis of cultured abdominal subcutaneous mature adipocytes from 5 male and 5 female non-diabetic obese Pima Indians. The prevalence of obesity in Pima Indians is among the highest of any population. Results provide insight into the role of adipocytes in obesity and obesity-related inflammation.
 Ovarian normal surface epithelia and ovarian cancer epithelial cells Comparison of normal ovarian surface epithelia (OSE) and ovarian cancer epithelial cells (CEPIs). CEPIs were isolated by laser capture microdissection from serous papillary ovarian adenocarcinomas. Results provide insight into the role of OSE in the development of ovarian adenocarcinoma.
 Activator protein-2gamma silencing effect on MCF-7 breast tumor cell line Analysis of MCF-7 cells silenced for activator protein (AP)-2γ transcription factor using three distinct self-targeting sequences (AP-2γ siRNA1-3). AP-2γ overexpression in breast tumors is a predictor of poor outcome. Results provide further insight into the role of AP-2γ in breast carcinoma.
 Pretreatment breast needle biopsies of locally advanced breast cancer Analysis of pretreatment breast cancer (BC) tumors from patients enrolled in a paclitaxel/radiation clinical trial. Patients achieved pathologic complete response (pCR) or  partial response (pPR). Results provide insight into molecular markers of pathologic response to paclitaxel/RT treatment of BC.
 Cigarette smoke effect on the oral mucosa Analysis of oral mucosae from 40 cigarette smokers and 40 age and gender matched never-smokers. Results provide insight into the carcinogenic effects of cigarette smoke.
 Erk5 activation effect on endothelial cells Analysis of umbilical vein endothelial cells (ECs) transfected with MEK5D, a constitutively active mutant kinase, to activate Erk5.  The MEK5/Erk5 MAPK pathway is activated by laminar shear stress in ECs. Results provide insight into the role of the MEK5/Erk5 pathway in endothelial function.
 Coronary artery disease response to exercise: CD133+ cells Analysis of CD133+ endothelial progenitor cells of coronary artey disease (CAD) patients after 3 months of exercise. Bone marrow derived progenitor cells with endothelial differentiation potential are fewer in CAD. Results provide insight into the impact of exercise on CD133+ cells of CAD patients.
 Morbidly obese insulin-resistant patients: omental and subcutaneous adipose tissue Analysis of subcutaneous and visceral adipose tissue from body mass index (BMI)-matched, obese patients who were insulin-sensitive versus insulin-resistant, thereby eliminating obesity as a variable.  Results provide insight into molecular mechanisms mediating obesity-related insulin resistance.
 Non-small cell lung carcinoma in female nonsmokers Analysis of paired tumor and adjacent normal lung tissue specimens obtained from nonsmoking female non-small cell lung carcinoma (NSCLC) patients in Taiwan. Results provide insight into potential prognostic biomarkers and therapeutic targets for NSCLC.
 Multistep pancreatic carcinogenesis: epithelial cells Analysis of epithelial neoplastic cells at 3 stages of tumor development and normal cells from the main pancreatic duct.  Anti-tumor immunity changes over the course of tumor progression. Results provide insight into how and when effective immune surveillance is overcome during cancer progression.
 Type 2 diabetic and insulin-resistant but normoglycemic cohorts: skeletal muscle Analysis of quadriceps muscle from type 2 diabetes (T2D) patients and from normoglycemic but insulin-resistant subjects with a parental family history of T2D. Insulin resistance in skeletal muscle is a key phenotype of T2D. Results provide insight into the molecular basis of this insulin resistance.
 Synthetic androgen R1881 effect on transcription factor SRF-deficient prostate cancer cells Analysis of LNCaP androgen-sensitive prostate adenocarcinoma cells, SRF (serum response factor)-silenced and treated with synthetic androgen R1881.  Effects of androgens on prostate cancer (PCa) cells can be mediated by SRF. Results provide insight into targets for androgen action in PCa cells.
 Sjögren's syndrome: minor salivary glands Analysis of minor salivary glands with varying degrees of inflammation from Sjögren's syndrome (SS) patients. SS is a chronic autoimmune disease targeting salivary and lacrimal exocrine glands. Results provide insight into the molecular mechanisms underlying the immunopathology associated with SS.
 HNF4A deficiency effect on embryonic stem cell model of hepatocyte differentiation Analysis of H9 (WAO9) embryonic stem (ES) cells subjected to hepatic differentiation protocol. ES-derived hepatocytes depleted of nuclear hormone receptor HNF4A also examined. Results provide insight into the role of HNF4A during the formation of hepatocytes from pluripotent stem cells.
 Multiple sclerosis: peripheral blood mononuclear cells Analysis of peripheral blood mononuclear immune cells from multiple sclerosis (MS) patients and unaffected controls. MS is an inflammatory, neurodegenerative disease. Results provide insight into the molecular mechanisms underlying MS etiology.
 Postmenopausal estrogen receptor α-positive breast tumor with PIK3CA mutation Analysis of estrogen receptor α-positive (ERα+) breast tumors with phosphatidylinositol 3-kinase catalytic subunit (PIK3CA) mutation. PIK3CA mutations have been observed in 30% to 40% of ERα-positive breast tumors. Results provide insight into the role of PIK3CA mutations in breast tumorigenesis.
 High grade prostate cancer Analysis of prostate cancer cells microdissected from high grade prostate cancer tumor samples. Results identify a gene expression signature for high grade prostate cancer.
 Rheumatoid arthritic synovium response to methotrexate Analysis of synovial biopsies from rheumatoid arthritis patients before and 12 weeks after the start of methotrexate (MTX) therapy. Results compared to those obtained from tocilizumab (TCZ) therapy (GDS5068) and provide insight into the differences in the mechanisms of action between TCZ and MTX.
 IGHV mutated/unmutated Mantle Cell Lymphoma patients: B cell lymphocytes Analysis of B cell lymphocytes from Mantle Cell Lymphoma (MCL) patients with unmutated or mutated immunoglobulin heavy chain variable (IGHV) genes. Results provide insight into the effect of IGHV mutational status on MCL clinical features.
 Resistance exercise effect on MHC I and MHC IIa muscle fibers of young and old women Analysis of slow-twitch MHC I and fast-twitch MHC IIa muscle fibers from young and old women before and after 12 weeks of progressive resistance training. Fibers obtained from vastus lateralis. Results provide insight into the molecular adaptation of young and old MHC I and IIa fibers to exercise.
 Macrophage response to to Staphylococcus aureus infection in vitro: time course Analysis of monocyte-derived macrophages that phagocytosed S. aureus in vitro. Monocytes analyzed for up to 48 hours after phagocytosis. Results provide insight into the molecular mechanisms employed by S. aureus to prolong their intracellular survival.
 Spleen tyrosine kinase inhibitor effect on diffuse large B-cell lymphoma cell lines: time course Analysis of the DHL4 and DHL6 diffuse large B-cell lymphoma (DLBCL) cell lines following treatment with R406, a spleen tyrosine kinase (SYK) inhibitor. SYK is a key component of BCR signaling which is a critical pathway in DLBCL. Results provide insight into the role of SYK in DLBCL pathogenesis.
 Exercise training effect on chronic obstructive pulmonary disease patients: vastus lateralis muscle Analysis of muscle from chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) patients before and after 8 weeks of exercise training. Skeletal muscle dysfunction and muscle wasting are hallmark systemic effects of COPD. Results provide insight into molecular mechanisms underlying COPD muscle degeneration.
 Systemic lupus erythematosus patients and yellow fever vaccine-immunized healthy donors: CD16+ monocytes Analysis of CD16+ monocytes from SLE patients and YFV-immunized healthy donors. The YFV immunization can be regarded as a real viral infection, based on clinical/serological manifestations. Results provide insight into differences in type I interferon responses in autoimmunity and viral infection.
 PIAS1 SUMO ligase depletion effect on breast cancer cell line Analysis of MDA-MB231 breast cancer cells depleted for PIAS1. PIAS1 is a SUMO ligase. Results provide insight into the role of PIAS1 in breast tumorigenesis.
 First-time acute myocardial infarction: peripheral blood Analysis of circulating blood from first-time acute myocardial infarction (AMI) patients within 48 hours of MI. Results provide insight into molecular mechanisms underlying the response of circulating cells to first-time AMI.
 Cigarette smoke of full flavor brand effect on bronchial epithelial cells in vitro: time course Analysis of normal bronchial epithelial cells exposed to cigarette smoke from a typical full flavor brand for up to 24 hours. Results provide insight into the impact of cigarette smoke exposure at the molecular level.
 Senescent activated hepatic stellate cells Analysis of activated hepatic stellate cells (HSCs) induced to senesce by treatment with a DNA-damaging agent. Upon activation in response to liver damage, HSCs proliferate and produce the extracellular matrix deposited in the fibrotic scar. Senescence of activated HSCs limits liver fibrosis.
 Insulin-like growth factor-I effect on breast cancer cell line: time course Analysis of breast cancer MCF-7 cells stimulated with insulin-like growth factor-I (IGF-I) for 3 or 24 hours. High serum IGF-I levels are associated with an elevated risk of breast cancer. Results provide insight into the role of IGF-1 in the development and progression of breast cancer.
 miR-122 overexpression effect on embryonic stem cells Analysis of embryonic stem cells (ESCs) overexpressing wild-type miR-122. miR-122 is an endoderm specific microRNA. Results provide insight into the role of miR-122 in the differentiation of ESCs.
 Leukotriene D4 effect on monocytes Analysis of monocytes following stimulation with leukotriene D4 (LTD4), a cysteinyl leukotriene (CysLT). CysLTs are mediators of innate immune responsiveness and chronic inflammatory diseases. Results provide insight into the signaling pathways involved in monocyte activation by cysLTs.
 Preeclampsia: first trimester placentas of pre-symptomatic women Analysis of first trimester placenta tissues obtained by chorionic villus sampling from women destined to develop preeclampsia. Preeclampsia is a cause of maternal, fetal, and neonatal morbidity and mortality. Results provide insight into the molecular pathogenesis of preeclampsia.
 Obese liver response to a short-term low-fat hypocaloric diet Analysis of livers from middle-aged obese women on a low-fat hypocaloric diet for 8 weeks. The diet resulted in a mean weight loss of 5% of body weight. Results provide insight into the effect of a hypocaloric diet on the liver at the molecular level.
 Long-term adult survivors of glioblastoma: primary tumors Analysis of primary tumors from glioblastoma patients: long-term survivors with  36 months overall survival (OS), short-term survivors with  12 months OS, and patients with intermediate OS.  Results provide insight into the molecular characterization of long-term survivors of glioblastoma.
 Cell cycle of T98G glioblastoma cell line Analysis of T98G cells in asynchronously growing state, after 72 hr of serum starvation to induce G0, or after serum restimulation to enter cell cycle. Results provide insight into mammalian cell-cycle gene regulation and mechanisms underlying repression of cell cycle dependent genes in quiescence.
 Nodular lymphocyte-predominant Hodgkin lymphoma: lymphocytic and histiocytic cells Analysis of neoplastic lymphocytic and histiocytic cells (L&H) dissected from nodular lymphocyte-predominant Hodgkin lymphoma tumors (NLPHL). L&H cells represent less than 1 percent of cells in NLPHL tumors. Results provide insight into the pathogenesis of NLPHL.
 HIV-1 infection effect on macrophages in vitro: time course Analysis of cultured macrophages for up to 7 days after HIV-1 infection. Macrophages are targets of HIV-1 infection and constitute a viral reservoir that facilitates the spread of HIV-1 to other cells. Results provide insight into the signaling networks affected by HIV-1 infection in macrophages.
 Alveolar macrophages of cigarette smokers Analysis of alveolar macrophages from cigarette smokers. Cigarette smoking is associated with increased lung cell turnover. Mononuclear phagocytes, such as macrophages, play an important role in the removal of apoptotic cells.
 Tibolone hormone effect on postmenopausal endometrium Comparison of endometria after short-term treatment with tibolone, estradiol (E2), or E2 + medroxyprogesterone acetate (E2 + MPA) in healthy postmenopausal women undergoing hysterectomy. A synthetic steroid, Tibolone is used as an alternative for estrogen or estrogen/progesterone hormone therapy.
 All-trans retinoic acid effect on HL60 myeloid cells overexpressing ecotropic virus integration site 1 Analysis of EVI1-overexpressing HL60 myeloid cells treated with ATRA. EVI1 overexpression is associated with poor prognosis in myeloid leukemias; ATRA is a myeloid differentiation inducing agent. Results provide insight into the potential interplay between EVI1 and ATRA in myeloid cells.
 Anti-VEGF and Anti-Notch treatment effect on U87 glioblastoma xenograft tumors [HG-U133 Plus 2] Analysis of U87 human xenograft tumors (in BALB/c SCID mouse host) treated with antiangiogenic agents bevacizumab (anti-VEGF) and dibenzazepine (anti-Notch). The tumors include mouse host stroma. Results, together with those from GDS5678, provide insight into molecular basis of tumor angiogenesis.
 Ethanol effect on lymphoblastoid cell lines from alcoholics Analysis of lymphoblastoid cell lines (LCLs), obtained from alcoholics, after treatment with ethanol in vitro. Results provide insight into the feasibility of using LCLs to study the molecular consequences of exposure to alcohol.
 H1 and H9 embryonic stem cell lines undergoing differentiation Analysis of undifferentiated H1 and H9 embryonic stem cell (ESC) lines and their differentiated embryoid bodies (EB). Result provide insight into those genes consistently altered during ESC differentiation.
 Peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor β/δ agonist and hypoxia effects on umbilical vein endothelial cells Analysis of HUVECs stimulated with two important angiogenic stimuli: peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor (PPAR) β/δ agonist and hypoxia. Results provide insight into possible synergistic molecular interactions between the PPAR β/δ and hypoxia-inducible factor (HIF) 1 signaling pathways.
 Transforming growth factor-beta effect on normal ovarian fibroblast NOF151 cells Analysis of normal ovarian fibroblast NOF151 cells treated with 5ng/mL TGF-β1 or TGF-β2. TGF proposed to modulate ovarian cancer progression by modulating contribution of cancer-associated fibroblasts. Results provide insight into role of TGF-β modified fibroblasts in ovarian cancer.
 ENCSR000AXD -    H1-hESC Sample   Sample Information:     br /  br / Sample ID: EFO:0003042   br / Details: H1-hESC sample from   .   br / Analysis Platform: Human 2.1M Whole-Genome CGH Tiling Array v2.0   br / Submitting Lab: David Gilbert, FSU   br / Released: 2012-07-31   br / Sample Type: Stem Cell   br /    br / Author Description:   br / FSU Human H1-hESC RepliChip   br /  br / 
 ENCSR000AXB -    BG02ES Sample   Sample Information:     br /  br / Sample ID: EFO:0002778   br / Details: BG02ES sample from   .   br / Analysis Platform: Human 2.1M Whole-Genome CGH Tiling Array v2.0   br / Submitting Lab: David Gilbert, FSU   br / Released: 2012-04-18   br / Sample Type: Stem Cell   br /    br / Author Description:   br / FSU Human BG02ES RepliChip   br /  br / 
 Transcription profiling by array of human hormone-responsive MCF-7 cells versus estrogen-deprived breast cancer cells   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling by array of human hormone-responsive MCF-7 cells versus estrogen-deprived breast cancer cells br / Number of assays: 11 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Cell Line br / Last update: 22-06-2015 br / 
 A cancer associated fibroblasts (CAFs) specific gene signature in high grade serous ovarian cancer   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: A cancer associated fibroblasts (CAFs) specific gene signature in high grade serous ovarian cancer br / Number of assays: 74 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Cell Type, Disease br / Last update: 08-07-2015 br / 
 Transcription profiling by array of IMR-5 neuroblastoma cells treated with bromodomain-containing protein 4 (BRD4) inhibitor OTX015   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling by array of IMR-5 neuroblastoma cells treated with bromodomain-containing protein 4 (BRD4) inhibitor OTX015 br / Number of assays: 14 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Compound br / Last update: 03-05-2016 br / 
 Mucosal expression profiling in patients with inflammatory bowel disease before and after first infliximab treatment   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Mucosal expression profiling in patients with inflammatory bowel disease before and after first infliximab treatment br / Number of assays: 132 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Clinical History, Clinical Information, Disease, Organism Part br / Last update: 28-07-2015 br / 
 Transcriptional profiles of TIMP-2 and Ala+TIMP-2 A549 overexpressing cells and in tumor xenografts   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcriptional profiles of TIMP-2 and Ala+TIMP-2 A549 overexpressing cells and in tumor xenografts br / Number of assays: 12 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Genotype br / Last update: 19-08-2015 br / 
 Expression data from skin biopsy samples from patients with moderate-to-severe psoriasis   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Expression data from skin biopsy samples from patients with moderate-to-severe psoriasis br / Number of assays: 169 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Clinical Information br / Last update: 28-07-2015 br / 
 Transcription profiling of human prostate cancer cells with arachidonic acid reveals induction of 11 genes that are regulated by NFkappaB   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling of human prostate cancer cells with arachidonic acid reveals induction of 11 genes that are regulated by NFkappaB br / Number of assays: 7 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome HG-U133A [HG-U133A] br / Experimental factors: Compound br / Last update: 03-07-2014 br / 
 Expression data from Versican (VCAN) protein treated ovarian cancer cell line OVCA433   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Expression data from Versican (VCAN) protein treated ovarian cancer cell line OVCA433 br / Number of assays: 6 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Compound br / Last update: 08-11-2014 br / 
 Transcription profiling of human MOLT4 cell lines before and after inhibition of gamma secretase to investigate NOTCH signaling in T-cell acute lymphoblastic leukemia cell lines   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling of human MOLT4 cell lines before and after inhibition of gamma secretase to investigate NOTCH signaling in T-cell acute lymphoblastic leukemia cell lines br / Number of assays: 6 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Compound br / Last update: 03-07-2014 br / 
 Transcription profiling of plasma cells and plasmablasts from patients with primary immune thrombocytopenia after rituximab treatment compared to treatment naïve patients or healthy donors   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling of plasma cells and plasmablasts from patients with primary immune thrombocytopenia after rituximab treatment compared to treatment naïve patients or healthy donors br / Number of assays: 10 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Cell Type, Compound, Disease br / Last update: 22-10-2015 br / 
 Examination of gene expression in response to ING2 knockdown by siRNA in human breast cancer cells   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Examination of gene expression in response to ING2 knockdown by siRNA in human breast cancer cells br / Number of assays: 6 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: RNA Interference br / Last update: 25-08-2015 br / 
 Gene expression profile of human keratinocyte exposed to phevalin or grown in conditioned medium from S. aureus spiked with phevalin   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Gene expression profile of human keratinocyte exposed to phevalin or grown in conditioned medium from S. aureus spiked with phevalin br / Number of assays: 15 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133A 2.0 [HG-U133A\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Compound, Growth Condition br / Last update: 21-09-2015 br / 
 Transcription profiling by array of human PBMCs from primary antiphospholipid syndrome and systemic lupus erythematosus patients and healthy controls   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling by array of human PBMCs from primary antiphospholipid syndrome and systemic lupus erythematosus patients and healthy controls br / Number of assays: 20 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome HG-U133A [HG-U133A] br / Experimental factors: Disease br / Last update: 03-07-2014 br / 
 Transcriptional profiling of clinically relevant SERMs and SERM/estradiol complexes in a cellular model of breast cancer   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcriptional profiling of clinically relevant SERMs and SERM/estradiol complexes in a cellular model of breast cancer br / Number of assays: 106 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Compound, Treatment br / Last update: 18-08-2015 br / 
 Transcription profiling of human bronchial epithelial cells stabily expressing a dominant negative form of TLR3 after infection with influenza A virus or not infected   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling of human bronchial epithelial cells stabily expressing a dominant negative form of TLR3 after infection with influenza A virus or not infected br / Number of assays: 12 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133A 2.0 [HG-U133A\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Infect, Phenotype br / Last update: 22-10-2015 br / 
 Transcription profiling by array of human gingival epithelial cell responses to a complex microbiome   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling by array of human gingival epithelial cell responses to a complex microbiome br / Number of assays: 16 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Infect br / Last update: 03-07-2014 br / 
 Transcription profiling by array of human lung cancer cells after treatment with tobacco smoke condensate   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling by array of human lung cancer cells after treatment with tobacco smoke condensate br / Number of assays: 24 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Cell Line, Growth Condition br / Last update: 14-08-2014 br / 
 Comparison of haploid and diploid clones of KBM7 cancer cell line   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Comparison of haploid and diploid clones of KBM7 cancer cell line br / Number of assays: 34 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Cell Type, Ploidy br / Last update: 04-08-2015 br / 
 Transcription profiling by array of human endometrial stromal cells treated with human trophoblasts   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling by array of human endometrial stromal cells treated with human trophoblasts br / Number of assays: 9 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Growth Condition, Time br / Last update: 31-07-2014 br / 
 Transcription profiling by array of human breast and cervical cancer cell lines after RNAi-mediated knock-down of c-MYC   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling by array of human breast and cervical cancer cell lines after RNAi-mediated knock-down of c-MYC br / Number of assays: 12 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: RNA Interference, Cell Line br / Last update: 15-08-2014 br / 
 Endocrine response in invasive lobular carcinoma is characterized by unique estrogen-mediated gene expression and de novo tamoxifen resistance (SUM44)   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Endocrine response in invasive lobular carcinoma is characterized by unique estrogen-mediated gene expression and de novo tamoxifen resistance (SUM44) br / Number of assays: 20 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133A 2.0 [HG-U133A\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Time, Treatment br / Last update: 25-08-2015 br / 
 Transcription profiling of mucosa from human patients with irritable bowel syndrome or ulcerative colitis   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling of mucosa from human patients with irritable bowel syndrome or ulcerative colitis br / Number of assays: 8 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome HG-U133A [HG-U133A] br / Experimental factors: Disease br / Last update: 15-09-2015 br / 
 Transcription profiling of human adult postmortem brain tissue from Down syndrome and healthy control subjects   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling of human adult postmortem brain tissue from Down syndrome and healthy control subjects br / Number of assays: 15 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome HG-U133A [HG-U133A] br / Experimental factors: Disease br / Last update: 27-07-2015 br / 
 Transcription profiling by array of oral squamous cell carcinoma cell line Cal27 transfected with shIL-1beta   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling by array of oral squamous cell carcinoma cell line Cal27 transfected with shIL-1beta br / Number of assays: 6 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Genotype br / Last update: 08-11-2016 br / 
 Effect of glucose, endothelin-1 and cortisol on human iPS-derived cardiomyocytes   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Effect of glucose, endothelin-1 and cortisol on human iPS-derived cardiomyocytes br / Number of assays: 8 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Growth Condition br / Last update: 27-10-2014 br / 
 Expression in HepG2 cells with overexpression of TMPRSS6 or its mutant version   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Expression in HepG2 cells with overexpression of TMPRSS6 or its mutant version br / Number of assays: 9 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Genotype br / Last update: 03-07-2014 br / 
 Transcription profiling of human vastus lateralis skeletal muscle (knee) after 48 h of immobilization   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling of human vastus lateralis skeletal muscle (knee) after 48 h of immobilization br / Number of assays: 10 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Clinical History br / Last update: 29-07-2015 br / 
 Transcription profiling by array of human HepG2 cells expressing gain-of-function mutant D374Y-PCSK9   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling by array of human HepG2 cells expressing gain-of-function mutant D374Y-PCSK9 br / Number of assays: 10 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Genotype br / Last update: 03-07-2014 br / 
 RNAi knock down of the DNA-repair enzyme and transcriptional co-activator APE1 in human HeLa cells   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: RNAi knock down of the DNA-repair enzyme and transcriptional co-activator APE1 in human HeLa cells br / Number of assays: 6 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: RNA Interference br / Last update: 03-07-2014 br / 
 Networking of differentially expressed genes in CaCo2 human colon cancer cells resistant to methotrexate   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Networking of differentially expressed genes in CaCo2 human colon cancer cells resistant to methotrexate br / Number of assays: 6 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Phenotype br / Last update: 06-08-2015 br / 
 Transcription profiling of human lung fibroblasts at young and senescent stage grown at different oxygen levels   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling of human lung fibroblasts at young and senescent stage grown at different oxygen levels br / Number of assays: 12 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Growth Condition, Phenotype br / Last update: 03-09-2015 br / 
 Transcription profiling  by array of two human colon cancer cell lines treated with n-3 PUFA docosahexaenoic acid for 3 different time points   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling  by array of two human colon cancer cell lines treated with n-3 PUFA docosahexaenoic acid for 3 different time points br / Number of assays: 36 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome Focus Array [HG-Focus] br / Experimental factors: Cell Line, Compound, Time br / Last update: 16-08-2014 br / 
 Transcription profiling by array after let-7 overexpression in human embryonic stem cells with HPAT5 knockout   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling by array after let-7 overexpression in human embryonic stem cells with HPAT5 knockout br / Number of assays: 9 br / Technology: Affymetrix Human Gene 2.0 ST Array [HuGene-2\ 0-st] br / Experimental factors: Genotype br / Last update: 08-08-2016 br / 
 Transcription profiling by array of human K562 cells treated with 1R-Chl   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling by array of human K562 cells treated with 1R-Chl br / Number of assays: 6 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Compound br / Last update: 03-07-2014 br / 
 Transcription profiling of human blood cells after high protein and high carbohydrate breakfasts   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling of human blood cells after high protein and high carbohydrate breakfasts br / Number of assays: 32 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133A 2.0 [HG-U133A\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Diet, Sampling Time Point br / Last update: 02-11-2015 br / 
 Transcription profiling of by array of human hepatocellular carcinoma cells with RNAi knockdown of Wilm's Tumor 1 gene expression   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling of by array of human hepatocellular carcinoma cells with RNAi knockdown of Wilm's Tumor 1 gene expression br / Number of assays: 6 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: RNAi br / Last update: 03-07-2014 br / 
 Transcription profiling of human psoriasis patient matched lesion and normal tissue vs. normal controls - type i interferon: potential therapeutic target for psoriasis?   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling of human psoriasis patient matched lesion and normal tissue vs. normal controls - type i interferon: potential therapeutic target for psoriasis? br / Number of assays: 82 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Clinical Information, Disease br / Last update: 23-07-2015 br / 
 transcription profiling by array of skin keratinocytes under negative pressure   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: transcription profiling by array of skin keratinocytes under negative pressure br / Number of assays: 6 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Treatment br / Last update: 22-04-2016 br / 
 Expression data from epithelial cells during the process of multistep pancreatic carcinogenesis   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Expression data from epithelial cells during the process of multistep pancreatic carcinogenesis br / Number of assays: 22 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Disease br / Last update: 07-08-2015 br / 
 Transcription profiling of human uterine fibroids with mutated or wild type fumarate hydratase gene   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling of human uterine fibroids with mutated or wild type fumarate hydratase gene br / Number of assays: 20 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome HG-U133A [HG-U133A] br / Experimental factors: Genotype br / Last update: 03-07-2014 br / 
 Transcription profiling by array of human CD14+ monocytes after treatment with quercetin   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling by array of human CD14+ monocytes after treatment with quercetin br / Number of assays: 6 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Compound br / Last update: 28-08-2015 br / 
 Gene expression profiling of enforced HOXA1 expression in melanoma cell line (SkMel30)   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Gene expression profiling of enforced HOXA1 expression in melanoma cell line (SkMel30) br / Number of assays: 6 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Genotype br / Last update: 19-08-2015 br / 
 Transcription profiling by array of human inflammatory myeloid dendritic cells from patients with psoriasis   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling by array of human inflammatory myeloid dendritic cells from patients with psoriasis br / Number of assays: 7 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133A 2.0 [HG-U133A\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Genotype br / Last update: 31-07-2015 br / 
 Genetic variants regulating ORMDL3 expression are determinants of susceptibility to childhood asthma   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Genetic variants regulating ORMDL3 expression are determinants of susceptibility to childhood asthma br / Number of assays: 399 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Disease br / Last update: 24-07-2014 br / 
 gene expression profiling of three type of grade II gliomas   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: gene expression profiling of three type of grade II gliomas br / Number of assays: 18 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Disease br / Last update: 07-08-2015 br / 
 Transcription profiling by array of human cumulus and mural granulosa cells from pre-ovulatory follicles after controlled ovarian stimulation   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling by array of human cumulus and mural granulosa cells from pre-ovulatory follicles after controlled ovarian stimulation br / Number of assays: 26 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Cell Type br / Last update: 22-10-2015 br / 
 Transcription profiling by array of human myometrial cells transfected by NFKB (p65) and CEBP alone and in combination   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling by array of human myometrial cells transfected by NFKB (p65) and CEBP alone and in combination br / Number of assays: 12 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Genotype br / Last update: 22-10-2015 br / 
 Expression data from docetaxel-resistant prostate cancer cell lines   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Expression data from docetaxel-resistant prostate cancer cell lines br / Number of assays: 12 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Cell Line, Treatment br / Last update: 21-09-2015 br / 
 Transcription profiling by array of human MEC2 cells transfected with miR-125b   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling by array of human MEC2 cells transfected with miR-125b br / Number of assays: 6 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Genetic Modification br / Last update: 03-07-2014 br / 
 Transcription profiling by array of cultured bronchial epithelial cells from patients with asthma and healthy individuals after infection with human rhinovirus   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling by array of cultured bronchial epithelial cells from patients with asthma and healthy individuals after infection with human rhinovirus br / Number of assays: 22 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Disease, Infect br / Last update: 14-08-2014 br / 
 Genes regulated by AGR2 in pancreatic cancer cell lines FA6 and MiaPaCa2   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Genes regulated by AGR2 in pancreatic cancer cell lines FA6 and MiaPaCa2 br / Number of assays: 12 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: RNA Interference, Cell Line, Genotype br / Last update: 06-08-2015 br / 
 Transcription profiling by array of human high and low grade ovarian serous carcinomas   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling by array of human high and low grade ovarian serous carcinomas br / Number of assays: 20 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Disease, Tumor Grading br / Last update: 07-07-2015 br / 
 Profile the RNA composition of cell-free saliva and salivary exosomes   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Profile the RNA composition of cell-free saliva and salivary exosomes br / Number of assays: 6 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Cell Type br / Last update: 27-07-2015 br / 
 Gene signature of CLL cells cultured with activated T cells or CD40L-expressing cells   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Gene signature of CLL cells cultured with activated T cells or CD40L-expressing cells br / Number of assays: 21 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Compound, Growth Condition br / Last update: 27-07-2015 br / 
 Gene expression profile of SUMO knockout in human mammary epithelial cells   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Gene expression profile of SUMO knockout in human mammary epithelial cells br / Number of assays: 12 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Genotype br / Last update: 21-09-2015 br / 
 Expression data from breast cancer cells overexpressing NF1-C2   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Expression data from breast cancer cells overexpressing NF1-C2 br / Number of assays: 6 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Genotype br / Last update: 03-07-2014 br / 
 Fibrosis with Inflammation at One Year Predicts Transplant Functional Decline   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Fibrosis with Inflammation at One Year Predicts Transplant Functional Decline br / Number of assays: 65 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Disease br / Last update: 15-09-2015 br / 
 Tissue Specific Pathways for Estrogen Regulation of Ovarian Cancer Growth and Metastasis   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Tissue Specific Pathways for Estrogen Regulation of Ovarian Cancer Growth and Metastasis br / Number of assays: 15 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Compound, Estrogen Receptor Status br / Last update: 12-08-2015 br / 
 Transcription profiling by array of human melanoma cells with doxycycline-inducible RNAi-mediated knockdown of B-Raf   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling by array of human melanoma cells with doxycycline-inducible RNAi-mediated knockdown of B-Raf br / Number of assays: 12 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Compound, Genotype br / Last update: 01-08-2014 br / 
 Transcription profiling by array of human ovarian cancer cells over-expressing PKA regulatory subunits   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling by array of human ovarian cancer cells over-expressing PKA regulatory subunits br / Number of assays: 9 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Genotype br / Last update: 03-07-2014 br / 
 Tetracycline-Inducible Cyr61 effect on LN229 glioma cells   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Tetracycline-Inducible Cyr61 effect on LN229 glioma cells br / Number of assays: 6 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Phenotype br / Last update: 12-08-2015 br / 
 Transcription profiling by array of human intestinal colon explants stimulated by phorbol 12-myristate 13-acetate (PMA)/ionomycin (IO)) and co-cultured with different strains of Lactobacillus probiotic bacteria   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling by array of human intestinal colon explants stimulated by phorbol 12-myristate 13-acetate (PMA)/ionomycin (IO)) and co-cultured with different strains of Lactobacillus probiotic bacteria br / Number of assays: 18 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Growth Condition, Specimen With Known Storage State, Stimulus br / Last update: 15-10-2014 br / 
 Transcription profiling by array of human facial and foreskin skin-derived precursors   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling by array of human facial and foreskin skin-derived precursors br / Number of assays: 8 br / Technology: Affymetrix Human Gene 2.0 ST Array [HuGene-2\ 0-st] br / Experimental factors: Cell Type br / Last update: 08-08-2016 br / 
 Profiling of p53-responsive genes in human breast cancer cells harboring endogenous ts-p53 E285K   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Profiling of p53-responsive genes in human breast cancer cells harboring endogenous ts-p53 E285K br / Number of assays: 18 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Cell Line, Temperature br / Last update: 18-08-2015 br / 
 Expression data from breast tumors and reduction mammoplasty explants   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Expression data from breast tumors and reduction mammoplasty explants br / Number of assays: 10 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Disease br / Last update: 12-08-2015 br / 
 SIN3A-regulated LIF-responsive genes in MCF7 cells   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: SIN3A-regulated LIF-responsive genes in MCF7 cells br / Number of assays: 9 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: RNA Interference br / Last update: 18-08-2015 br / 
 Transcription profiling by array of tumor-induced memory-like (TIML) NK cells and Cytokine-induced memory-like (CIML)-NK cells   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling by array of tumor-induced memory-like (TIML) NK cells and Cytokine-induced memory-like (CIML)-NK cells br / Number of assays: 12 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Stimulus br / Last update: 22-04-2016 br / 
 Diverse stresses dramatically alter genome-wide p53 binding and transactivation landscape in human cancer cells (Affymetrix)   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Diverse stresses dramatically alter genome-wide p53 binding and transactivation landscape in human cancer cells (Affymetrix) br / Number of assays: 12 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Compound br / Last update: 13-07-2015 br / 
 Identification of WISP1 as an important survival factor in human mesenchymal stem cells   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Identification of WISP1 as an important survival factor in human mesenchymal stem cells br / Number of assays: 6 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: RNA Interference br / Last update: 08-07-2015 br / 
 Transcription profiling by array of human CD4 positive and CD8 positive T cells selected by positive or negative immunomagnetic cell selection   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling by array of human CD4 positive and CD8 positive T cells selected by positive or negative immunomagnetic cell selection br / Number of assays: 19 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Cell Type, Treatment br / Last update: 07-09-2015 br / 
 Transcription profiling by array of human primary hepatocytes treated with trovafloxacin   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling by array of human primary hepatocytes treated with trovafloxacin br / Number of assays: 8 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Compound br / Last update: 03-07-2014 br / 
 Gene expression profiling of LCM captured breast cancer cells   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Gene expression profiling of LCM captured breast cancer cells br / Number of assays: 433 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Disease br / Last update: 25-08-2015 br / 
 Transcription profiling of human bronchial epithelial cells following exposure to whole cigarette smoke   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling of human bronchial epithelial cells following exposure to whole cigarette smoke br / Number of assays: 54 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Time, Treatment br / Last update: 22-10-2015 br / 
 Transcription profiling by array of normal pancreas, primary pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma (PDAC), normal liver, and pancreatic liver metastases using the Affymetrix HG-U133B array   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling by array of normal pancreas, primary pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma (PDAC), normal liver, and pancreatic liver metastases using the Affymetrix HG-U133B array br / Number of assays: 15 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome HG-U133B [HG-U133B] br / Experimental factors: Disease, Organism Part br / Last update: 15-09-2014 br / 
 Gene expression profile of THP-1 cells incubated with carbon monoxide, lipopolysaccharide or both   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Gene expression profile of THP-1 cells incubated with carbon monoxide, lipopolysaccharide or both br / Number of assays: 20 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Growth Condition br / Last update: 03-09-2015 br / 
 Expression data from endothelial cells sorted from breast cancer cells MDA-MB231 as compared with normal endothelial cells   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Expression data from endothelial cells sorted from breast cancer cells MDA-MB231 as compared with normal endothelial cells br / Number of assays: 6 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Growth Condition br / Last update: 25-08-2015 br / 
 Transcription profiling of human pediatric septic shock samples to validation of previous experiment   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling of human pediatric septic shock samples to validation of previous experiment br / Number of assays: 44 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Disease br / Last update: 22-10-2015 br / 
 Gene expression profile of human monocytes treated with RPMI-1640 medium alone or with medium containing sMHC II (1 ug/ml) for three hours   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Gene expression profile of human monocytes treated with RPMI-1640 medium alone or with medium containing sMHC II (1 ug/ml) for three hours br / Number of assays: 6 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Compound br / Last update: 21-09-2015 br / 
 Genome-wide identification of binding sites of Evi1 in human myeloid cell lines   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Genome-wide identification of binding sites of Evi1 in human myeloid cell lines br / Number of assays: 12 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Cell Line, Genotype br / Last update: 06-08-2015 br / 
 Transcription profiling by array of human dendritic cells after Poly(I:C)-based or PGE2-based maturation   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling by array of human dendritic cells after Poly(I:C)-based or PGE2-based maturation br / Number of assays: 9 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Growth Condition br / Last update: 22-10-2015 br / 
 RNAi knock down of ASCL1 in human NCI-H1618 small cell lung cancer cells   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: RNAi knock down of ASCL1 in human NCI-H1618 small cell lung cancer cells br / Number of assays: 12 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Treatment br / Last update: 09-07-2015 br / 
 Gene expression profiles of breast cancer subtypes are detectable in histologically normal breast epithelium   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Gene expression profiles of breast cancer subtypes are detectable in histologically normal breast epithelium br / Number of assays: 30 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome HG-U133A [HG-U133A] br / Experimental factors: Estrogen Receptor Status br / Last update: 07-08-2015 br / 
 Expression data from TGF-beta treated Panc-1 pancreatic adenocarcinoma cell line   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Expression data from TGF-beta treated Panc-1 pancreatic adenocarcinoma cell line br / Number of assays: 6 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Treatment br / Last update: 12-08-2015 br / 
 Networking of differentially expressed genes in human MCF7 breast cancer cells resistant to methotrexate   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Networking of differentially expressed genes in human MCF7 breast cancer cells resistant to methotrexate br / Number of assays: 6 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Phenotype br / Last update: 06-08-2015 br / 
 Expression data of cystic fibrosis and non-cystic fibrosis airway cell lines under oxidative stress   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Expression data of cystic fibrosis and non-cystic fibrosis airway cell lines under oxidative stress br / Number of assays: 12 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Compound, Disease br / Last update: 30-09-2015 br / 
 Transcription profiling by array of human peripheral blood mononuclear cells after 30 minutes of exercise   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling by array of human peripheral blood mononuclear cells after 30 minutes of exercise br / Number of assays: 40 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Developmental Stage, Stimulus br / Last update: 27-08-2015 br / 
 Comparison of gene expression data between wild-type and DM1-affected undifferentiated hES cells   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Comparison of gene expression data between wild-type and DM1-affected undifferentiated hES cells br / Number of assays: 9 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Cell Line br / Last update: 13-10-2015 br / 
 Expression data from PARK2 overexpression in U251 cells   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Expression data from PARK2 overexpression in U251 cells br / Number of assays: 6 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Genotype br / Last update: 06-08-2015 br / 
 Gene expression profile of human breast cancer cell line MDA-MB-231 with siRNa against Runx2, CBF-beta or a non-specific siRNA   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Gene expression profile of human breast cancer cell line MDA-MB-231 with siRNa against Runx2, CBF-beta or a non-specific siRNA br / Number of assays: 10 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Genotype br / Last update: 26-08-2015 br / 
 Transcription profiling of human skeletal muscle from morbidly obese patients before and after gastric bypass surgery to identify genes responsive to weight loss   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling of human skeletal muscle from morbidly obese patients before and after gastric bypass surgery to identify genes responsive to weight loss br / Number of assays: 6 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Clinical History br / Last update: 29-07-2015 br / 
 Gene expression profiles from the hepatocellular carcinoma (HCC) tissues   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Gene expression profiles from the hepatocellular carcinoma (HCC) tissues br / Number of assays: 6 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Sampling Site br / Last update: 21-09-2015 br / 
 In vivo gene expression changes in EW5 Ewing sarcoma xenografts after IGF-1R or mTOR blockade   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: In vivo gene expression changes in EW5 Ewing sarcoma xenografts after IGF-1R or mTOR blockade br / Number of assays: 10 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133A 2.0 [HG-U133A\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Treatment br / Last update: 06-08-2015 br / 
 Transcription profiling by array of NCI-H1299 parental and spheroid cells   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling by array of NCI-H1299 parental and spheroid cells br / Number of assays: 12 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Compound, Growth Condition br / Last update: 23-06-2015 br / 
 Transcription profiling by array of human dendritic cells infected with Newcastle Disease Virus   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling by array of human dendritic cells infected with Newcastle Disease Virus br / Number of assays: 51 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Infect, Time br / Last update: 03-09-2015 br / 
 Expression analysis of dissected GPi in Parkinson's disease   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Expression analysis of dissected GPi in Parkinson's disease br / Number of assays: 20 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Disease, sex br / Last update: 03-09-2015 br / 
 Gene expression profiling of B lymphocytes and plasma cells from Waldenstrons macroglobulinemia   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Gene expression profiling of B lymphocytes and plasma cells from Waldenstrons macroglobulinemia br / Number of assays: 56 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome HG-U133A [HG-U133A] br / Experimental factors: Cell Type, Disease br / Last update: 04-08-2014 br / 
 Transcription profiling of human pancreas from patients with type 1 diabetes (clinical onset and longstanding)   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling of human pancreas from patients with type 1 diabetes (clinical onset and longstanding) br / Number of assays: 15 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Clinical Information, Organism Part br / Last update: 22-10-2015 br / 
 Transcription profiling of human skin biposies (lesional and uninvolved) from psoriasis patients   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling of human skin biposies (lesional and uninvolved) from psoriasis patients br / Number of assays: 26 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome HG-U133A [HG-U133A] br / Experimental factors: Phenotype br / Last update: 27-07-2015 br / 
 Expression data from breast cancer cell line MCF-7 with ectopic expression of the transcription factor Snail   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Expression data from breast cancer cell line MCF-7 with ectopic expression of the transcription factor Snail br / Number of assays: 6 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Treatment br / Last update: 18-06-2015 br / 
 Transcription profiling by array of human gonadotrope and null cell pituitary tumors   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling by array of human gonadotrope and null cell pituitary tumors br / Number of assays: 23 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Disease br / Last update: 12-08-2015 br / 
 Gene Expression Patterns that Predict Sensitivity to Epidermal Growth Factor Receptor Tyrosine Kinase Inhibitors in Lung Cancer Cell Lines and Human Lung Tumors   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Gene Expression Patterns that Predict Sensitivity to Epidermal Growth Factor Receptor Tyrosine Kinase Inhibitors in Lung Cancer Cell Lines and Human Lung Tumors br / Number of assays: 46 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome HG-U133A [HG-U133A] br / Experimental factors: Disease, Phenotype br / Last update: 17-08-2015 br / 
 Transcription profiling by array of human PMA-activated MM6 cells with cyclin T1 knockdown   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling by array of human PMA-activated MM6 cells with cyclin T1 knockdown br / Number of assays: 6 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: RNAi br / Last update: 03-07-2014 br / 
 Gene expression profiles of interstitial lung disease (ILD) patients   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Gene expression profiles of interstitial lung disease (ILD) patients br / Number of assays: 18 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Clinical History, Disease br / Last update: 07-08-2015 br / 
 Transcription profiling by array of human alveolar macrophages infected with Bacillus anthracis spores   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling by array of human alveolar macrophages infected with Bacillus anthracis spores br / Number of assays: 7 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Infect br / Last update: 03-07-2014 br / 
 Transcription profiling by array of human adrenocortical carcinomas, adenomas and healthy adrenal cortex tissues   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling by array of human adrenocortical carcinomas, adenomas and healthy adrenal cortex tissues br / Number of assays: 65 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Disease br / Last update: 03-07-2014 br / 
 Gene Expression Profiling in 45X Turner Syndrome patients   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Gene Expression Profiling in 45X Turner Syndrome patients br / Number of assays: 36 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Chromosomal Aberration br / Last update: 27-07-2015 br / 
 Smoking-dependent Reprogramming of Alveolar Macrophage Polarization: Implication for Pathogenesis of COPD   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Smoking-dependent Reprogramming of Alveolar Macrophage Polarization: Implication for Pathogenesis of COPD br / Number of assays: 46 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Clinical Information, Disease br / Last update: 06-08-2015 br / 
 Transcription profiling by array of human THP-1 cells treated with resveratrol   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling by array of human THP-1 cells treated with resveratrol br / Number of assays: 6 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Compound br / Last update: 03-07-2014 br / 
 Transcription profiling by array of human blood leukocytes and monocytes after treatment with cortisone   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling by array of human blood leukocytes and monocytes after treatment with cortisone br / Number of assays: 71 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome Focus Array [HG-Focus] br / Experimental factors: Cell Type, Growth Condition br / Last update: 15-09-2015 br / 
 Expression data from WASF3 knockdown stable MDA-MB-231 cells and control cells   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Expression data from WASF3 knockdown stable MDA-MB-231 cells and control cells br / Number of assays: 6 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Genotype br / Last update: 12-08-2015 br / 
 Transcription profiling of human MCF7 cell line with siRNA mediated knockdown of CNOT7 and/or CNOT8 subunits of Ccr4-Not deadenylase compared to control   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling of human MCF7 cell line with siRNA mediated knockdown of CNOT7 and/or CNOT8 subunits of Ccr4-Not deadenylase compared to control br / Number of assays: 12 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: RNA Interference br / Last update: 22-10-2015 br / 
 Transcription profiling of human papillary thyroid carcinoma and paired normal tissues   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling of human papillary thyroid carcinoma and paired normal tissues br / Number of assays: 14 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Sampling Site br / Last update: 28-09-2015 br / 
 Expression data from hepatitis E virus inoculated PLC/PRF/5 cells   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Expression data from hepatitis E virus inoculated PLC/PRF/5 cells br / Number of assays: 10 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Infect br / Last update: 31-07-2015 br / 
 phs000849.v2.p1 - T2D-GENES Project 1: San Antonio Mexican American Family Studies (SAMAFS), Substudy 1: Whole Exome Sequencing   dbGaP Study Information:       Type of study: Family, Mixed, Longitudinal, Case-Control   Study design: Case-Control     br / Number of documents: 0   Number of variables: 40   Number of participants: 491   Number of analyses: 0     br / Projects in this study:   National Institute of Diabetes and Digestive and Kidney Diseases    Diseases:   Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2   Obesity   Heart Diseases   Kidney Diseases   Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2      br / Technology used in this study:   Agilent SureSelect Human All Exon v2 - 44Mb   Illumina HiSeq 2000       Assay types used:   Whole Exome (NGS)   SNP Genotypes (NGS)       
 phs000511.v1.p1 - Treatment of Genetic Screening of Hypertriglyceridemia Type I, III, and V - HTG Amsterdam   dbGaP Study Information:       Type of study: Probands, Mendelian, Family   Study design: Mendelian     br / Number of documents: 0   Number of variables: 10   Number of participants: 48   Number of analyses: 0     br / Projects in this study:   National Human Genome Research Institute    Diseases:   Hypertriglyceridemia   Hypertriglyceridemia      br / Technology used in this study:   Agilent SureSelect Human All Exon v.2 Kit    Assay types used:   Whole Exome    
 phs000827.v3.p1 - N.C. Clinical Genomic Evaluation by NextGen Exome Sequencing (NCGENES)   dbGaP Study Information:       Type of study: Case Set   Study design: Case Set     br / Number of documents: 0   Number of variables: 24   Number of participants: 592   Number of analyses: 0     br / Projects in this study:   National Human Genome Research Institute    Diseases:   Genetic Diseases, Inborn   Neoplasms   Adenomatous Polyposis Coli   Microcephaly   Aortic Aneurysm, Thoracic   Peripheral Nervous System Diseases   Cardiomyopathies   Leukodystrophy, Globoid Cell   Seizures   Mitochondria   Inflammation   Autoimmune Diseases   Progeria   Retina   Muscular Diseases   Rhabdomyolysis   Arrhythmias, Cardiac   Osteochondrodysplasias   Intellectual disability   Autistic Disorder   Neuromuscular Diseases   Paraplegia   Central Nervous System Diseases   Cholestasis   Anemia   Genetic Testing   Genetic Diseases, Inborn      br / Technology used in this study:   Illumina HiSeq 2500   Agilent SureSelect Human All Exon v4 - 51Mb   Agilent SureSelect Human All Exon v5 - 71Mb       Assay types used:   SNP Genotypes    
 Tuttelmann et al 2011 Comparison of 89 infertile male patients with severe oligozoospermia (=5 x Mill./ml sperm concentration and =10 Mill. total sperm count) and 37 with azoospermia due to complete, bilateral Sertoli-cell-only syndrome (SCOS) with 100 healthy controls with normal semen parameters (=20 Mill./ml sperm concentration, =40 Mill. total sperm count, =2 ml semen volume, =50% of grade a+b or =25% grade a motility, high percentage of normal forms (=10%)). Patient-specific and either recurring or private, sex-chromosomal CNVs are reported as possibly causing spermatogenic failure.
 E-GEOD-23590 - Gene expression data from compstatin treated E.coli-Induced primate sepsis model Severe sepsis leads to massive activation of coagulation and complement cascades that could contribute to multiple organ failure (MOF) and death.     To investigate the role of the complement and its crosstalk with the hemostatic system in the pathophysiology and therapeutics of sepsis, we have used a potent inhibitor (compstatin) administered early or late post E. coli challenge in a baboon model of sepsis-induced MOF. Microarray was used to study the affect of complement pathway on global gene expression pattern in sepsis, aims on exploring and discovering the new target genes as potential drugs for the early treatment and prevention of sepsis.     Lung and liver tissues were obtained from three normal healthy animals (as Ctl), three animals challenged with sublethal dose of E. coli as SLEC, three animals treated with Compstatin at different sepsis stages after E.coli challenge as SLEC-CST0 and SLEC-CST5. All the animals challenged with E. coli were sacrified at 24 hours post challenge.     Total RNAs were isolated from these tissues, hybridized with Affymetrix Human Genome  GeneChip U133A 2.0.
 E-MEXP-2375 - Transcription profiling by array of liver from chimpanzees with chronic hepatitis C virus infection after treatment with SPC3649 Chimpanzees with chronic Hepatitis C infection treated with LNA-antimiR-122.
 E-GEOD-13840 - Differential Expression of MicroRNAs in Mouse Liver under Aberrant Energy Metabolic Status Despite years of effort, exact pathogenesis of non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) remains obscure.     To gain an insight into the regulatory roles of microRNAs (miRNAs) in aberrant energy metabolic status and pathogenesis of NAFLD, we analyzed the expression of miRNAs in livers of ob/ob mice, streptozotocin (STZ)-induced type 1 diabetic mice and normal C57BL/6 mice by miRNA microarray.     Compared to normal C57BL/6 mice, ob/ob mice showed up-regulation of 8 miRNAs and down-regulation of 4 miRNAs in fatty livers.     Up-regulation of miR-34a and down-regulation of miR-122 was found in livers of STZ-induced diabetic mice.     These results demonstrate that distinct miRNAs are strongly dysregulated in NAFLD and hyperglycemia.     Comparison between miRNA expressions in livers of ob/ob mice and STZ-administered mice further revealed up-regulation of 4 miRNAs and down-regulation of 2 miRNAs in livers of ob/ob mice, indicating that these miRNAs may represent a molecular signature of NAFLD. A distinctive miRNA expression pattern was identified in ob/ob mouse liver and hierarchical clustering of this pattern could clearly discriminate ob/ob mice from either normal C57BL/6 mice or STZ-administered mice.     These findings suggest an important role of miRNAs in hepatic energy metabolism and implicate the participation of miRNAs in the pathophysiological processes of NAFLD.  Keywords: disease state analysis In the present study, we analyzed the expression of miRNAs in livers of 10 ob/ob mice, 8 streptozotocin (STZ)-induced type 1 diabetic mice and 8 normal control C57BL/6 mice by miRNA microarray.
 E-GEOD-6708 - Transcription profiling of monkey thalamus Nuclei of the mammalian thalamus are aggregations of neurons with unique architectures and input-output connections, yet the molecular determinants of their organizational specificity remain unknown.     By comparing expression profiles of thalamus and cerebral cortex in adult rhesus monkeys we identified transcripts that are unique to dorsal thalamus or to individual nuclei within it. Real-time quantitative polymerase chain reaction and in situ hybridization analyses confirmed the findings.     Expression profiling of individual nuclei microdissected from the dorsal thalamus revealed additional subsets of nucleus-specific genes.     Functional annotation using Gene Ontology (GO) vocabulary and Ingenuity Pathway analysis revealed over-representation of GO categories related to development, morphogenesis, cell-cell interactions, and extracellular matrix within the thalamus- and nucleus-specific genes-many involved in the Wnt signaling pathway.     Examples included the transcription factor TCF7L2, localized exclusively to excitatory neurons, a calmodulin-binding protein PCP4, the bone extracellular matrix molecules SPP1 and SPARC, and other genes involved in axon outgrowth and cell matrix interactions.     Other nucleus-specific genes such as CBLN1 are involved in synaptogenesis.     The genes identified likely underlie nuclear specification, cell phenotype and connectivity during development and their maintenance in the adult thalamus.     Experiment Overall Design: To determine the molecular underpinnings of nuclear specificity in the dorsal thalamus we isolated micro-punches of tissue from nucleus-specific regions and processed them for microarray analysis.     Replicate samples from 5 separate dorsal thalamic nuclei were processed and compared to identify genes unique to each region.     Affymetrix U133A Gene Chips were used.     All of the samples were isolated from untreated adult monkey brain.
 phs001069.v1.p1 - MIGen ExS: JHS   dbGaP Study Information:       Type of study: Control Set   Study design: Control Set     br / Number of documents: 0   Number of variables: 0   Number of participants: 0   Number of analyses: 0     br / Projects in this study:   National Heart, Lung, Blood Institute    Diseases:   Cardiovascular Diseases   Cardiovascular Diseases      br / Technology used in this study:   Agilent SureSelect Human All Exon v.2 Kit    
 E-GEOD-12254 - Gene expression associated with liver metabolism during viral hemorrhagic fever Rhesus macaques (Macaca mulatta) infected with a lethal dose of lymphocytic choriomeningitis virus-strain WE (LCMV-WE) provide a model for Lassa fever virus infection of man.      Like Lassa fever in human beings, disease begins with flu-like symptoms but can progress to morbidity fairly rapidly.      Previously, we profiled the blood transcriptome of LCMV-infected monkeys (M. Djavani et al. J. Virol.     2007: PMID 17522210) showing distinct pre-viremic and viremic stages that discriminated between virulent and benign infections.      In the present study, changes in liver gene expression from macaques infected with virulent LCMV-WE were compared to gene expression in uninfected monkeys as well as to monkeys that were infected but not diseased.      We observed gene expression changes that occurred before the viremic stage of the disease, and could potentially serve as biomarkers that discriminate between exposure to a hemorrhagic fever virus and exposure to a benign virus.      Based on a functional pathway analysis of differentially expressed genes, virulent LCMV-WE had a much broader effect on liver cell function than non-virulent virus.      During the first few days of infection, virulent virus impacted gene expression associated with the generation of energy, such as fatty acid metabolism and glucose metabolism, with the complement and coagulation cascades, and with steroid metabolism, MAPK signaling and cell adhesion.      For example, the energy profile resembled that of an organism entering starvation: acetyl-CoA carboxylase, a key enzyme of fatty acid synthesis, was shut down and gene products involved in gluconeogenesis were up-regulated.      In conclusion, this study identifies several potential gene markers of LCMV-WE-associated liver disease and contributes to the database of gene expression changes correlated with LCMV pathogenesis in primates.     6 groups: uninfected controls, LCMV-WE infected (pre-viremic; day 1 to day 3), LCMV-WE infected (viremic; day 4 to day 7), LCMV-WE infected (post-viremic; day 8 to day 12), LCMV-Armstrong (LCMV-ARM; non-virulent strain) infected, and LCMV-ARM/LCMV-WE infected but not diseased.     Each sample is from the liver of a different rhesus macaque.
 E-GEOD-1638 - Transcription profiling of Bos taurus adult tissues and embryos using Affymetrix Human GeneChips Affymetrix Human GeneChips are used to profile gene expression of bovine tissues and embryos to identify uniquely expressed genes in bovine in-vitro fertilized embryos by comparing with seven bovine adult tissues through gene clustering
 E-GEOD-1935 - Transcription profiling of dog lung samples after mechanical ventilation This series contain unilateral mechanical ventilated canine lung samples.
 E-GEOD-30589 - Severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus envelope protein regulates cell stress responses and apoptosis Severe acute respiratory syndrome virus (SARS-CoV) that lacks the envelope (E) gene (rSARS-CoV-ΔE) is attenuated in vivo [1,2]. To identify factors that contribute to rSARS-CoV-ΔE attenuation, gene expression in cells infected by SARS-CoV with or without E gene was compared.     Twenty-five stress response genes were preferentially upregulated during infection in the absence of the E gene.     In addition, genes involved in signal transduction, transcription, cell metabolism, immunoregulation, inflammation, apoptosis and cell cycle and differentiation were differentially regulated in cells infected with rSARS-CoV with or without the E gene.     Administration of E protein in trans reduced the stress response in cells infected with rSARS-CoV-ΔE, with respiratory syncytial virus, or treated with drugs, such as tunicamycin and thapsigarcin that elicit cell stress by different mechanisms.     In addition, SARS-CoV E protein down-regulated the signaling pathway inositol-requiring enzyme 1 (IRE-1) of the unfolded protein response, but not the PKR-like ER kinase (PERK) or activating transcription factor 6 (ATF-6) pathways, and reduced cell apoptosis.     Overall, the activation of the IRE-1 pathway was not able to restore cell homeostasis, and apoptosis was induced probably as a meassure to  protect the host by limiting virus production and dissemination.     The expression of proinflammatory cytokines was reduced in rSARS-CoV-ΔE-infected cells compared to rSARS-CoV-infected cells, suggesting that the increase in stress responses and the reduction of inflammation in the absence of the E gene contributed to the attenuation of rSARS-CoV-ΔE. We used Affymetrix microarrays (Human Genome U133 plus 2.0) to compare global gene expression between SARS-CoV-infected, mock-infected and SARS-CoV-ΔE-infected cells.     For ech type of sample three hybridizations were carried-out (independent biological replicates).
 E-GEOD-7215 - Transcription profiling of human  lung carcinome calls treated WITH Farnesol reveals Farnesol-induced  apoptosis IS coupled TO THE endoplasmic reticulum (ER) stress response Farnesol (FOH) and other isoprenoid alcohols induce apoptosis in various carcinoma cells and inhibit tumorigenesis in several in vivo models.     However, the mechanisms by which these isoprenoids mediate their effects are not yet fully understood.     In this study, we show that FOH is effective inducer of apoptosis in several lung carcinoma cells, including H460 cells.     This induction is associated with activation of caspase-3, -9, and -12, and cleavage of PARP. To obtain insight into the mechanism involved in FOH-induced apoptosis, we compared the gene expression profiles of FOH-treated and control H460 cells using microarray analysis.     This analysis revealed that many of the genes implicated in endoplasmic reticulum (ER) stress, including ATF3, CHOP/GADD153, HERPUD1, BIP (GRP78), XBP1, PDIA4, and TDAG51, were highly up-regulated within 4 hr of FOH treatment suggesting that FOH-induced apoptosis involves an ER-stress response.     This was supported by observations showing that treatment with FOH induces phosphorylation of eIF2. FOH induces activation of several MAPK pathways, including p38, MEK-ERK, and JNK. Inhibition of MEK1/2 by U0126 inhibited the induction of ER stress-response genes.     In addition, knockdown of the MEK1/2 and JNK1/2 expression by short interfering RNA (siRNA) effectively inhibited the induction of apoptosis and activation of caspase-3 and cleavage of PARP by FOH. However, only MEK1/2 siRNAs reduced the expression of ER stress-related genes and inhibited phosphorylation of eIF2. Our results demonstrate that FOH-induced apoptosis is coupled to ER stress and that activation of MEK1/2 is an upstream event in the FOH-induced ER stress signaling cascade.     Vehicle vs. 4h FOH Signature Gene lists (Replicates 1 & 2) are linked as supplementary files to the Series record.     Experiment Overall Design: H460 cells were treated for 4 hours with 250 micromolar FOH or vehicle (DMSO) in duplicate experiments.      Each FOH treated sample was compared to its matched Vehicle and dye-flips were performed, resulting in 4 arrays (2 replicate sets x 2 technical replicates).
 E-GEOD-4064 - Transcription profiling of Cervus elaphus growing antler The aim of the study is to characterize the gene expression of the growing antlers during their process of regeneration and fast growth Experiment Overall Design: Gene profiles of RNA samples from antler tip, base (pedicle) and frontal bone.     Samples were harvested during spring, at the period of maximum antler growth (60 days after casting the previous antlers). And additional sample (DEER4) was harvested at the end of the growing season (90 days after the casting).
 E-GEOD-8749 - Transcription profiling of rhesus macaque model infected with H. pylori induces an antimicrobial host response in rhesus macaques in a Cag pathogenicity island-dependent manner We used the rhesus macaque model to study the effects of the cag pathogenicity island (cag PAI) on the H. pylori host-pathogen interaction.     Specific pathogen free (SPF) monkeys with no prior exposure to H. pylori were experimentally challenged with wild type (WT) H. pylori strain J166 (N=4) or its cag PAI isogenic knockout (KO, N=4). Animals underwent endoscopy before and 1, 4, 8, and 13 wks after challenge.      Gastric biopsies were collected for quantitative culture, histopathology, and host gene expression.     Quantitative cultures showed that all experimentally challenged animals were infected with WT H. pylori or its isogenic cag PAI KO. Histopathology demonstrated that inflammation and expansion of the lamina propria were attenuated in animals infected with KO compared to WT.  Microarray analysis was performed on challenged animals before and 1 and 13 wks after challenge, and on unchallenged control animals (N=4). Of the 119 up-regulated genes in the WT-infected animals, several encode innate antimicrobial; effector proteins, including elafin, siderocalin, DMBT, DUOX2, and several novel paralogues of human defensin-2. Quantitative RT-PCR analysis showed that high level induction of each of these genes was dependent upon the presence of the cag PAI.  Immunohistochemistry  confirmed increased defensin epithelial cell staining in animals challenged with WT H. pylori compared to either KO-challenged or uninfected control animals.     We propose that one function of the cag PAI is to induce an antimicrobial host response that serves to increase the competitive advantage of H. pylori in the gastric niche.     Experiment Overall Design: Twelve male and female rhesus macaques (Macaca mulatta) housed at the California National Primate Research Center (CNPRC) were hand raised by nursery staff to obtain Specific Pathogen (Helicobacter pylori) Free (SPF) experimental animals.      At six months of age the animals were documented to be uninfected with H. pylori by serology, histology, and cultures of gastric biopsies using methods reported previously (Solnick et al., 1999).  Two experimental groups of four SPF animals were challenged with either wild type (WT) H. pylori J166 or an isogenic PAI knockout (KO).  A third group of four SPF animals served as uninoculated controls.     Monkeys were housed indoors in separate cages throughout the duration of the experiment.      All experiments were approved by the Research Advisory Committee of the CNPRC and the Institutional Animal Care and Use Committee at the University of California.Antrum and corpus stomach biopsies from rhesus macaques infected with wild type Helicobacter pylori J166, isogenic cag-PAI knockout strain, or mock infected were pooled.      Biopsies were taken prior to bacterial inoculation and at 1 and 13 weeks post infection.      Control biopsies were taken according to the same time line.      Four animals were used for each experimental condition.
 Transcription profiling by array of human bronchial epithelial cells after infection with SARS-CoV and DOHV   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling by array of human bronchial epithelial cells after infection with SARS-CoV and DOHV br / Number of assays: 27 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Infect, Time br / Last update: 19-09-2014 br / 
 Transcription profiling of human response to etanercept treatment in patients with Psoriasis   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling of human response to etanercept treatment in patients with Psoriasis br / Number of assays: 75 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133A 2.0 [HG-U133A\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Clinical Information, Compound, Histology, Time br / Last update: 22-07-2015 br / 
 Transcription profiling by array of human sperm from normospermic and teratozoospermic individuals   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling by array of human sperm from normospermic and teratozoospermic individuals br / Number of assays: 21 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Disease br / Last update: 03-07-2014 br / 
 MLL-rearranged infant acute lymphoblastic leukemia in vitro resistant to prednisolone Analysis of primary MLL-rearranged ALL samples ( 90% leukemic blasts) from untreated infants. In vitro prednisolone sensitivity was assessed by a 4day cytotoxicity (MTT) assay. Results provide insight into the molecular basis of glucocorticoid resistance in MLL-rearranged infant ALL patients.
 Endothelial progenitor cells from cord blood and adult peripheral blood Analysis of outgrown endothelial progenitor cells (EPC) isolated from 2 different sources: cord blood or adult peripheral blood. EPC from these different anatomic locations possess unique biological properties. Results provide insight into the underlying molecular mechanisms of these properties.
 Fibroblast-derived induced pluripotent stem cells harboring pathogenic leucine-rich repeat kinase 2 mutation Analysis of IPSCs generated from LRRK2 (Gly2019Ser) mutation-bearing patient fibroblasts by cell reprogramming. The LRRK2 (G2019S) mutation causes familial Parkinson's disease (PD). Results provide insight into the molecular mechanisms underlying PD.
 Polycystic ovary syndrome: granulosa cells Analysis of granulosa cells from ovarian aspirates from polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) women undergoing in vitro fertilization. PCOS is an endocrine disorder associated with greater risk for infertility, diabetes and cardiovascular diseases. Results provide insight into molecular basis of PCOS.
 Uveal melanoma Analysis of 29 uveal melanomas isolated from male and female patients. Uveal melanoma is an aggressive intraocular tumor cancer that metastasizes to the liver in ~50% of patients, with high lethality. Results provide insight into molecular pathways involved in uveal melanoma metastatic progression.
 Ribavirin effect on uninfected hepatoma Huh7.5.1 cells Analysis of uninfected hepatoma Huh7.5.1 cells treated with ribavirin. In the combination treatment for hepatitis C virus (HCV), ribavirin potentiates the anti-HCV effect of pegylated interferon (PEG-IFN). Results provide insight into the molecular mechanisms underlying ribavirin action.
 Endogenous Cushing's Syndrome bone biopsies: pre- and post-surgery Analysis of bone biopsies from Cushing’s syndrome (CS) patients, before and mean 3 months after surgical treatment. Excess GC-induced bone loss is a serious complication in patients with endogenous CS. Results provide insight molecular mechanisms by which excess GCs influence bone metabolism.
 Gamma secretase inhibitor MRK-003 effect on pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma tumor xenografts Analysis of 9 individual patient-derived, pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma (PDAC) xenografts treated with GSI MRK-003. MRK-003 monotherapy significantly reduced tumor volume in 5 of 9 xenografts. Results provide insight into the molecular basis of MRK-003-mediated attenuation of PDAC.
 Multiple sclerosis: brain lesions Analysis of histologically characterized multiple sclerosis (MS) brain lesions. MS is an inflammatory autoimmune disease which progresses to demyelination of the brain and spinal cord. Results provide insight into molecular events during MS pathogenesis.
 NF-kB inactivation effect on T-ALL1 cell lines Analysis of T cell acute lymphoblastic leukemia (T-ALL) cell lines treated with a peptide that inhibits the activity of IKK, an activator of NF-kB.  NF-kB pathway is downstream of oncogenic Notch1 in T-ALL. Results provide insight into the molecular basis of Notch-induced NF-kB activation in T-ALL.
 Chronic lymphocytic leukemia with chromosomal deletion 11q: peripheral blood CD19+ cells Analysis of CD19+cells from peripheral blood of chronic lymphocytic leukemia (CLL) patients with interstitial deletions on the long arm of chromosome 11 (del11q).  Del11q is associated with progressive and aggressive CLL. Results provide insight into the molecular pathogenesis of CLL with del11q.
 Pediatric age-specific host response to septic shock: whole blood Analysis of whole blood from children (up to 10 years old) within 24hrs of PICU admission for septic shock. Sepsis therapies useful in adults and older children may have little effect in immunologically immature younger patients. Results provide insight into age-specific host response to sepsis.
 Methotrexate effect on SPARKS CHARMS juvenile idiopathic arthritis cohort: peripheral blood mononuclear cells Analysis of PBMC from 11 patients with juvenile idiopathic arthritis (JIA) following 6 months of methotrexate (MTX) therapy. Individual response to MTX is variable. Results provide insight into the molecular mechanisms underlying response to MTX in JIA.
 Transforming growth factor-beta effect on Hepatocellular carcinoma Huh-7 cell line Analysis of Hepatocellular carcinoma (HCC) Huh-7 cells stimulated with transforming growth factor-beta (TGF-β). HCC cell line Huh-7 has intact WNT pathway components. Results provide insight into the role of TGF-β in regulating WNT pathway activity in HCC cells.
 Systemic juvenile idiopathic arthritis and non-systemic JIA subtypes: peripheral blood mononuclear cells Analysis of PBMCs from patients with systemic juvenile idiopathic arthritis (sJIA) or non-sJIA. sJIA patients have significantly increased expansion of  immature PBMC subpopulations,  including CD34+ cells. Results provide insight into molecular mechanisms underlying sJIA pathogenesis.
 Multiple myeloma cell lines with acquired resistance to chemotherapeutic agent carfilzomib Analysis of proteasome inhibitor carfilzomib-resistant multiple myeloma (MM) cell lines KMS-11/Cfz and KMS-34/Cfz, after 1 week of growth in the absence of carfilzomib. Results provide insight into the molecular mechanisms underlying the acquisition of proteasome inhibitor resistance in MM.
 Interleukin 17A effect on monocyte-derived dendritic cells Analysis of in vitro-generated dendritic cells (DCs) cultured with interleukin 17A (IL-17A) in the absence or presence of interferon-γ. IL-17A is involved in chronic inflammatory diseases. Results provide insight into the impact of IL-17A on DCs and the role of these DCs in inflammatory disease.
 PI3K/mTOR Inhibitor NVP-BEZ235 and taxotere effects on prostate cancer xenograft tumors Analysis of DU145 xenograft tumors in NOD/SCID mice treated with NVP-BEZ235, taxotere, or both. NVP-BEZ235 targets prostate cancer progenitor cells. Taxotere targets the bulk tumor. Results provide insight into potential biomarkers associated with cancer stem cells in these xenograft tumors.
 High grade astrocytoma patient survival: brain tumor Analysis of surgical brain tumors from high grade astrocytoma (HGA) patients with known clinical outcomes. Increased expression of immune function-related genes was positively correlated with longer survival. Results provide insight into molecular profiles associated with long-term survival in HGA.
 Anti-IL-17 monclonal antibody ixekizumab effect on chronic psoriasis Analysis of psoriatic skin biopsies from patients treated with 150mg of subcutaneous anti-IL-17 mAb ixekizumab (previously LY2439821) at weeks 0 and 2. IL-17 blockade resulted in a high-grade clinical improvement in psoriasis. Results provide insight into the role of IL-17 in disease pathogenesis.
 High-risk bladder cancer Analysis of bladder cancer specimens from a high-risk population of patients who underwent radical cystectomy (Memorial Sloan-Kettering Cancer Center cohort). Results provide insight into the prediction of survival in high-risk urothelial carcinoma of the urinary bladder.
 Fibroblast growth factor receptor 3 depletion effect on bladder cancer cell line RT112 Analysis of bladder cancer cell line RT112 subjected to doxycycline-inducible, shRNA knockdown of FGFR3. Knockdown of FGFR3 in RT112 cells significantly attenuates tumor growth in vitro and in vivo. Results provide insight into the molecular mechanisms underlying FGFR3-driven bladder cancer.
 LNCap prostate cancer cell line response to loss of COnstitutive Photomorphogenic-1 and ETV1 Analysis of LNCap prostate cancer (PC) cells following siRNA-mediated knockdown of COP1 and ETV1. Ubiquitin ligase COP1 (RFWD2) negatively regulates proto-oncogene ETV1 which has been linked to PC. Results provide insight into the role of COP1 as a tumor suppressor in PC.
 Parkinson's disease induced pluripotent stem cell model with triplication of the α-synuclein locus Analysis of iPSC lines derived from a PD patient with SNCA triplication and an unaffected first-degree relative. Triplication of SNCA, encoding α-synuclein, causes an aggressive form of PD. Results provide insight into the mechanistic basis of neurodegeneration caused by α-synuclein dysfunction.
 Endoplasmic reticulum stress effect on lymphoblastoid cells of monozygotic twins Analysis of immortalized B cells from MZ twin pairs (14 of European ancestry, 12 African American) treated in vitro with thapsigargin to induce ER stress.  ER stress induces the unfolded protein response (UPR). Results provide insight into the molecular basis of the UPR response within twin pairs.
 Hodgkin and non-Hodgkin lymphoma cell lines Analysis of lymphoid cell lines of Hodgkin, non-Hodgkin, and acute leukemia origin. Aberrant NOTCH activity is involved in the pathogenesis of B cell-derived lymphomas. Results provide insight into the molecular basis of deregulated NOTCH activity.
 Primary keratinocyte response to in vitro cytokine exposure Analysis of cultured keratinocytes treated with various cytokines: interleukin-4, -13, -17A, interferon-α, -γ, or TNF. Marked proliferation of keratinocytes characterizes the chronic inflammatory skin disease psoriasis. Results provide insight into cytokine activity signatures in keratinocytes.
 Interleukin-10 effect on peripheral blood mononuclear cells Analysis of healthy PBMCs stimulated with IL-10. PBMC results integrated with tuberculosis and leprosy transcriptional profiles provide insight into molecular mechanisms by which type I interferons (e.g., IFN-β and downstream gene IL-10) may suppress type II interferon anti-mycobacterial responses.
 Probiotic effect on inflamed colonic explants Analysis of colonic intestinal explants stimulated with PMA/IO to induce pro-inflammatory conditions then incubated with various commensal lactobacilli strains. Results provide insight into the molecular basis of probiotic attenuation of inflammatory processes in a colon organ culture model.
 Effect of ischemia and tissue procurement conditions on resected renal clear cell carcinoma Analysis of ten renal tumors that were resected then immediately frozen or stored at 4°C, 22°C, 37°C for up to 240 minutes. Results provide insight into the impact of tissue acquisition method on tumor gene expression profiles.
 Kaposi's sarcoma associated herpesvirus protein K13 effect on primary effusion lymphoma-derived BCBL1 cells Analysis of PEL-derived BCBL1 cells expressing a K13-ER TAM fusion construct and treated with  4-hydroxytamoxifen (4OHT).  KSHV-encoded latent protein vFLIP K13 promotes survival and proliferation of PEL cells. Results provide insight into K13-mediated activation of signaling pathways in PEL.
 Schizophrenia: postmortem anterior prefrontal cortex Analysis of post-mortem tissue from the anterior prefrontal cortex (Brodmann Area 10, BA10) of schizophrenic patients.  The BA10 region mediates the negative pathophysiology of schizophrenia. Results provide insight into molecular mechanisms underlying the negative symptoms of schizophrenia.
 TYK2 and STAT1 silencing effect on JURKAT T-cell acute lymphoblastic leukemia cell line Analysis of JURKAT cells transduced with TYK2 and STAT1 shRNAs. JAK tyrosine kinase TYK2 and downstream effector STAT1 promote survival of T-ALL cells. Results provide insight into the molecular mechanisms underlying TYK2-STAT1 pathway dependence in T-cell ALL.
 Systemic lupus erythematosus CD3+ T cells Analysis of CD3-positive T cells isolated from 10 systemic lupus erythematosus (SLE) patients and 9 healthy controls. SLE is an autoimmune disease characterized by T cell dysfunction.  Results provide insight into molecular mechanisms underlying SLE in T cells.
 HeLa cell line response to chemotherapeutic Casiopeinas Analysis of cervical cancer HeLa cells treated with casiopeinas II-gly (40µM) for 6 hours. Casiopeínas are copper-containing compounds that can promote selective programmed cell death in cancer cells. Results provide insight into the molecular mechanisms underlying casiopeína-induced apoptosis.
 Lymph node-positive, early stage cervical cancer Analysis of primary cervical cancer tissue of patients with pelvic lymph node metastasis. Positive lymph nodes are an important prognostic factor in early-stage cervical cancer patients. Results provide insight into the molecular basis of pelvic lymph node metastasis in early cervical cancer.
 In vitro platelet RNA transfer model Analysis of acute monocytic leukemia THP-1 cells activated with Pam3CSK4 and co-cultured for up to 24hr with platelet-like particles (PLPs) isolated from MEG-01 megakaryoblastic cells. Results provide insight into molecular basis of intercellular transfer of platelet RNA into other vascular cells.
 Severe acute respiratory syndrome expression profile Expression profiling of peripheral blood mononuclear cells (PBMC) from 10 adult patients with severe acute respiratory syndrome (SARS). Results provide insight into the host immune response to the SARS coronavirus.
 Bone marrow prolonged storage effects Analysis of impact of pre-analytical handling of bone marrow (BM). Time delays of 0, 24, or 48 hours between sample aspiration and RNA extraction examined. Storage of BM has dramatic effects on mRNA expression of individual transcripts.
 IFN-gamma inflammatory effect on bronchial epithelial cells modulated by dexamethasone: time course Analysis of bronchial epithelial cells treated with interferon (IFN) gamma, or dexamethasone (dex), or both. IFN-gamma plays a role in lung inflammatory responses and corticosteroids such as dex are used as treatments for inflammation. Cells examined 8 or 24 hours after treatment.
 Neural transcription factor SOX11 depletion effect on mantle cell lymphoma cell line Analysis of Z138 mantle cell lymphoma (MCL) cells depleted for the neural transcription factor SOX11. SOX11 is overexpressed in aggressive lymphoid neoplasms mainly in MCL. Results provide insight into the role of SOX11 in the pathogenesis of MCL.
 Freshly-isolated umbilical cord arterial and venous endothelial cells Analysis of freshly-isolated endothelial cells (EC) from umbilical arteries (HUAEC) and veins (HUVEC). ECs lining different vessels differ in morphology and function. Results provide insight into molecular mechanisms underlying arteriovenous EC heterogeneity.
 Freshly-isolated and cultured arterial and venous endothelial cells Analysis of freshly-isolated endothelial cells (EC) from umbilical arteries and veins and cultured arterial and venous ECs from different vascular regions. Culturing leads to loss of the arterial phenotype. Results provide insight into molecular mechanisms underlying arteriovenous EC heterogeneity.
 Pregnancy-associated breast cancer: laser capture microdissected epithelia and stroma Analysis of malignant epithelia and tumor-associated stroma from patients with pregnancy-associated breast cancer (PABC). PABCs exhibit heightened aggressiveness compared to cancers in age-matched nonpregnant (non-PABC) women. Results provide insight into the molecular mechanisms underlying PABC.
 Breast adenocarcinoma MCF-7 cell line response to 27-Hydroxycholesterol and estradiol Analysis of MCF-7 cells treated with 27HC in the presence of E2. 27HC, a primary metabolite of cholesterol and an estrogen receptor (ER) ligand, increases ER-dependent growth in mouse models of breast cancer. Results provide insight into a relationship between hypercholesterolemia and breast cancer.
 Leprosy lesions Molecular characterization of lepromatous leprosy (LL) and borderline tuberculoid (BT) leprosy skin lesions.
 Aging of cultured myotubes and glucose metabolism Examination of aging myotubes from a muscle biopsy incubated in glucose.  Myotubes in 25 mM glucose at 2, 3, 4, 5, and 7 weeks, and in 10 mM glucose at 4 weeks examined in reference to 0 mM glucose control at 1 week.
 Diabetic nephropathy Comparison of glomeruli from kidneys with diabetic nephropathy (DN) and glomeruli from kidneys of healthy individuals. Progression of DN may be due to diminished tissue repair capability.
 Coxsackievirus B3 pathogenesis (II) Temporal analysis of in vitro model of coxsackievirus B3 (CVB3) infection. HeLa cells infected with either CVB3, CVB3 and U0126 (blocks cytokines and metalloproteinases) or control PBS, and samples examined at 0, 0.5, 3 and 9 hours after treatment.
 Imatinib effects on chronic myelogenous leukemia CD34+ cells Comparison of purified bone marrow CD34+ cells from imatinib-treated chronic myelogenous leukemia (CML) patients and healthy donors.
 Nonlesional atopic dermatitis skin Analysis of paired samples of nonlesional atopic dermatitis (ANL) and lesional atopic dermatitis (AL) skin lesions compared with normal skin. ANL skin is characterized by terminal differentiation defects. Results provide insight into molecular mechanisms that characterize ANL skin.
 Aplidin and cytarabine effect on diffuse large B cell lymphoma cell line Analysis of diffuse large B cell lymphoma SKI-DLCL cells treated with Aplidin, cytarabine (AraC), or both anticancer drugs. The effect of the drugs on animals with SKI-DLCL cell-derived tumors also examined. Results provide insight into the action of Aplidin alone and in combination with AraC.
 Basal-like breast cancer tumors Analysis of sporadic basal-like cancer (BLC), BRCA-associated breast cancer, and non-BLC tumors. Sporadic BLC are phenotypically similar to BRCA1-associated cancers. Results provide insight into the molecular pathogenesis of BLC and BRCA1-associated breast cancer.
 Decidual stromal cell response to trophoblast conditioned medium: time course Analysis of decidualized endometrial stromal cells at various time points up to 12 hours following treatment with conditioned media from trophoblasts. Results provide insight into the paracrine signaling between the trophoblast and the decidua.
 PPARα  agonist ciprofibrate effect on liver Analysis of primate livers exposed to ciprofibrate at various doses for 4 or 15 days. Peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor-α (PPARα) agonists such as ciprofibrate cause hepatocarcinogenesis in rodents but not in primates. Results identify species differences in response to PPARα agonist.
 c-Myb and oncogenic variant v-Myb transcriptional activities Analysis of monocytes infected with adenovirus expressing c-Myb or its oncogenic variant v-Myb, a mutated (11 AA substitutions) and truncated (N- and C-termini) version of c-Myb. Results identify dramatic, qualitative changes in the transcriptional acitivity of c-Myb caused by oncogenic mutations.
 HIV-1 burden effect on mononuclear cell response to co-infection with Neisseria gonorrhoeae Analysis of peripheral blood mononuclear cells infected with various titers of HIV-1 and exposed to a single infectious dose of Neisseria gonorrhoeae (Gc). Results provide insight into the role of viral burden in defining the cellular contribution to host immune response to co-infection with Gc.
 Ionizing radiation effect on monocytic leukemia cells Analysis of leukemia THP-1 moncytes exposed to ionizing radiation (IR). IR exposure is associated with thrombotic vascular occlusion. Thrombosis in cancer is associated with poor prognosis. Results provide insight into the effect of IR on the expression of tissue factor, an activator of coagulation.
 Endotoxin effect on leukocytes: time course (U133 2.0) Analysis of leukocytes from 6 healthy subjects intravenously administered bacterial endotoxin. Leukocytes examined at various time points up to 6 hours post-infusion. Results provide insight into the molecular mechanisms involved in the propagation and resolution of the inflammatory response.
 Hereditary gingival fibromatosis Analysis of gingival tissues from a patient with hereditary gingival fibromatosis (HGF). HGF is a benign disorder characterized by a slow progressive enlargement of the gingiva. This hypertrophic overgrowth of the gingiva may completely cover the teeth.
 Papillary thyroid carcinoma Analysis of papillary thyroid carcinoma (PTC) tumors from 9 patients. PTC accounts for about 80% of all thyroid cancers. These results, together with those obtained from custom miRNA chips, indicate the involvement of several miRNAs and the receptor tyrosine kinase KIT in PTC pathogenesis.
 Neonatal brain response to docosahexaenoic acid supplemented formulas Analysis of precentral gyri from neonates fed for 12 weeks with either a formula containing both 0.33% docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) and 0.67% arachidonic acid (ARA) or one with 1.0% DHA and 0.67% ARA. DHA and AHA are the major long chain polyunsaturated fatty acids of the central nervous system.
 Heavy metals effect on liver cell line Analysis of liver carcinoma HepG2 cells exposed to various heavy metals. Results provide insight into the molecular basis of heavy metal cytotoxicity.
 Sevoflurane and propofol effect on the heart during off-pump coronary artery bypass graft surgery Analysis of atrial biopsies from patients receiving the anesthetic gas sevoflurane or the intravenous anesthetic propofol during off-pump coronary artery bypass graft surgery. Anesthetic gases protect against myocardial ischemia. Results provide insight into the basis of this protective effect.
 Optineurin depletion Analysis of HeLa cells depleted for optineurin using RNAi knockdown. Mutations in the gene for optineurin are associated with open-angle glaucoma. Results provide insight into the function of optineurin and its role in the pathogenesis of open-angle glaucoma.
 LEDGF/p75 transcription factor deficiency effect on T-cell line Analysis of Jurkat T-cells depleted for the LEDGF/p75 transcription factor. LEDGF/p75 is involved in targeting HIV DNA integration. Results provide insight into the mechanisms controlling HIV integration.
 TAp63alpha-Q540L mutant protein expression Analysis of H1299 cells expressing the TAp63alpha-Q540L mutant protein. TAp63alpha-Q540L is a form of p63 that contains a missense mutation in the SAM domain. Mutations in the SAM domain of p63 are associated with Hay-Wells syndrome.
 Myeloid-related protein 8 and 14 effect on microvascular endothelial cells Analysis of microvascular endothelial cells (ECs) treated with the myeloid-related protein 8 (MRP8) and 14 (MRP14), proteins that form heterodimers secreted by phagocytes at inflammatory sites. Results provide insight into the role of MRP8 and MRP14 in EC cell death during inflammation.
 Melanoma progression Analysis of tissue specimens representing benign nevus, atypical nevus, melanoma in situ, vertical growth phase (VGP) melanoma, and metastatic growth phase (MGP) melanoma. Results identify expression signatures that distinguish benign and atypical nevi and melanomas in situ from VGPs and MGPs.
 Transcription factor p63 inactivation effect on squamous cells (HG-U133 2.0) Analysis of squamous cell lines following siRNA knockdown of the transcription factor p63, a homolog of the tumor suppressor p53. p63 encodes multiple isoforms that activate or repress transcription, and is critical for the development and maintenance of squamous epithelia.
 Simian immune deficiency virus Nef protein expression effect on CD4+ T cells Analysis of Jurkat CD4+ T cells following induction of simian immune deficiency virus (SIV) Nef from an inducible promoter. The Nef protein is expressed early in HIV and SIV infections and plays a crucial role in disease progression. Results identify Nef-mediated changes in T cell gene expression.
 Insecticides chlorpyrifos and cyfluthrin effect on primary fetal astrocytes Analysis of primary fetal astrocytes following exposure to the insecticide chlorpyrifos, an organophosphate, or cyfluthrin, a pyrethroid. Results provide insight into the neurotoxicity of cyfluthrin compared to chlorpyrifos and the mechanisms underlying the neurotoxicity of both insecticides.
 Universal reference RNA in various amounts Analysis of 1, 2, 5 or 10 ug of Stratagene universal human reference RNA as starting material. Results provide insight into the influence of starting RNA quantity on the subsequent gene expression signal measured from a microarray.
 Exercise effect on white blood cells Analysis of white blood cells (WBCs) from 5 males following exhaustive or moderate exercise. Results provide insight into the effects of exercise at the molecular level and the feasibility of using gene expression profiles of WBCs to monitor exercise and training load.
 Hypoxia effect on astrocytes Analysis of purified primary astrocytes exposed to hypoxia for 24 hours. Gene expression in HeLa cells also examined. Astrocytes play critical roles in the proper functioning of the brain. Results provide insight into the molecular events underlying the astrocytic responses to hypoxia.
 Vdelta1 and Vdelta2 gamma delta T cells response to non-TCR agonist  stimulation Analysis of Vdelta1 (Vd1) and Vdelta2 (Vd2) gamma delta (gd) T cells following stimulation with a non-TCR mediated agonist, PMA/ionomycin. Vd1 and Vd2 cells differ in tissue tropism, TCR usage, and agonist response. Results provide insight into the functional differences between Vd1 and Vd2 cells.
 siRNA knockdown and transcriptional response to DNA damage Analysis of HEK293 cells following siRNA knockdown of p53, RelA, or ATM, and subsequent treatment with neocarzinostatin, a radiomimetic drug that induces DNA double-strand breaks. Results indicate RNAi combined with expression profiling is a powerful method for dissecting transcriptional networks.
 Bone morphogenic protein 2 effect on idiopathic pulmonary arterial hypertension Analysis of pulmonary artery smooth muscle cells (PASMC) from patients with idiopathic pulmonary arterial hypertension (IPAH). PASMC treated with 200 nM bone morphogenic protein 2 (BMP-2) for 24 hours. BMP signaling dysfunction has been implicated in IPAH.
 Hypoxia effect on B lymphocyte cell line Expression profiling of B lymphocyte P493-6 cells subjected to hypoxia. Cells incubated in 0.1% oxygen for 29 hours, the point of highest expression of hypoxia-inducible factor 1 (HIF-1).  Results identify hypoxia responsive genes in P493-6 cells.
 Small-cell lung carcinoma cell lines of varying sensitivity to a Bcl-2 antagonist Analysis of small-cell lung carcinoma cell (SCLC) lines. Expression profiles compared to the cell lines' sensitivity to the Bcl-2 antagonist ABT-737 and chromosomal gains that include changes in Bcl-2 gene copy number. ABT-737 induces the regression of a fraction of SCLC solid tumors.
 Cimicifuga racemosa extract effect on breast cancer cell line MCF-7 Analysis of MCF-7 breast cancer cells treated with a Cimicifuga racemosa extract. Extracts from the C. racemosa rhizome are used as an herbal alternative to hormone replacement therapy for alleviation of postmenopausal disorders. Results provide insight into the extract's molecular mode of action.
 Keloid fibroblast response to hydrocortisone in vitro Analysis of keloid fibroblasts (FBs) treated with 1.5uM hydrocortisone (HC). Keloids are benign dermal tumors that form during protracted wound healing. HC at 1.5uM inhibits collagen and elastin synthesis in normal scar FBs but not in keloid FBs. Results provide insight into keloid pathogenesis.
 NF-kappaB and phosphotidylinositol 3-kinase inhibitor treated monocytes infected with the human cytomegalovirus Analysis of monocytes treated with an NF-kappaB or a phosphatidylinositol 3-kinase (PI3K) inhibitor and then infected with the human cytomegalovirus (HCMV). Results provide insight into the role of NF-kappaB and PI3K in the activation of monocytes to a proinflammatory state after an HCMV infection.
 Methotrexate resistant colon cancer cell line Analysis of HT29 derived colon cancer cells resistant to the anticancer drug methotrexate (MTX). Results provide insight into the molecular mechanisms contributing to MTX resistance.
 13-cis retinoic acid effect on SEB-1 sebocyte cell line Analysis of cultured sebaceous gland cells (SEB-1 sebocytes) treated with 13-cis retinoic acid (13-cis RA, isotretinoin), a potent acne treatment agent that reduces the size and secretion of sebaceous glands. Results provide insight into the molecular basis for 13-cis RA's acne-clearing effect.
 Ulcerative colitis Analysis of colonic mucosa samples with or without signs of inflammation from patients with ulcerative colitis (UC), a type of inflammatory bowel disease (IBD). Results provide insight into the molecular mechanisms contributing to the development of inflammation in UC.
 Natural killer cell response to interleukin-2 treatment: time course Analysis of resting natural killer (NK) cells and NK cells activated with interleukin-2 (IL-2) for up to 24 hours.  The effector function of NK cells is enhanced by cytokines such as IL-2. Results provide insight into the molecular events in NK cell activation.
 Androgen deprivation effect on LNCaP prostate cancer cells: time course Analysis of cultured LNCaP prostate cancer cells during 12 months of androgen deprivation. Following androgen ablation therapy, most prostate cancer patients develop treatment resistance. Results provide insight into prostate cancer cell survival and androgen-independence.
 Claudin-1 overexpression effect on lung adenocarcinoma cell line Analysis of lung adenocarcinoma CL1-5 cells overexpressing Claudin-1 (CLDN1), a component of tight junction complexes. Low CLDN1 expression in lung adenocarcinomas is associated with shorter overall survival. Results provide insight into the role of CLDN1 in the progression of lung adenocarcinoma.
 Diamond-Blackfan anaemia: fibroblasts Analysis of fibroblasts from patients with Diamond-Blackfan anaemia (DBA). DBA is a rare inherited red cell hypoplasia characterized by a defect in the maturation of erythroid progenitors. Results provide insight into the involvement of non-hematopoietic tissues in DBA pathogenesis.
 Chlamydia pneumonia infection effect on dendritic cells Analysis of monocyte-derived dendritic cells infected with Chlamydia pneumonia. C. pneumonia is a human respiratory pathogen associated with various chronic diseases such as asthma and atherosclerosis. Results provide insight into the host defense response to C. pneumonia infections.
 Deferasirox effect on leukemia cell line: dose response Analysis of leukemia K562 cells treated with 10 or 50 uM deferasirox. Deferasirox is an iron chelator taken orally to treat iron toxicity. Iron depletion by deferasirox inhibits cancer cell proliferation in vitro. Results provide insight into the molecular basis of this anti-proliferative effect.
 ERG transcription factor depletion effect on endothelial cell Analysis of endothelial HUVEC cells depleted for the ETS-related gene (ERG) product.  ERG is a member of the ETS family of transcription factors. Results provide insight into the role of ERG in the regulation of normal endothelial cell function.
 Macrophages from tuberculosis infected subjects response to M. tuberculosis cell lysate ex vivo Ex vivo analysis of macrophages from individuals with a history of latent, pulmonary and meningeal tuberculosis (TB) following treatment with cell lysates of Mycobacterium tuberculosis H37Rv. Results provide insight into the molecular basis of susceptibility to TB.
 Anti-mitotic compound MT7 effect on immortalized cell line: time course Analysis of HeLa cells treated for up to 12 hrs with MT7, an anti-mitotic compound from a combinatorial library. MT7 inhibits cell proliferation by arresting mitosis specifically and reversibly in various tumor cell lines of human origin. Results provide insight into the mechanism of action of MT7.
 Peroxiredoxin-like peroxidase DJ-1 knockdown effect on neuroblastoma cell line Analysis of SH-SY5Y neuroblastoma cells depleted of DJ-1, an atypical peroxiredoxin-like peroxidase. Mutations in the gene encoding DJ-1 cause autosomal recessive early-onset Parkinson disease (AREP). Results provide insight into the molecular mechanisms underlying DJ-1-mediated PD pathogenesis.
 Airway epithelium response to injury: time course Analysis of airway epithelia from healthy individuals 7 and 14 days following injury by epithelial denudation. Results provide insight into the molecular mechanisms underlying airway epithelial repair.
 Serum amyloid A effect on endothelial cells: time course Analysis of umbilical vein endothelial (HUVEC) cells stimulated with serum amyloid A (SAA) for up to 48 hours. SAA is an acute phase protein.
 Sphingosine-1-phosphate effect on embryonic stem cells Analysis of embryonic stem cells (ESCs) after treatment with sphingosine-1-phosphate (S1P) which plays a role in regulation of fate in many cell types. ESCs grown on mouse embryo fibroblast feeder cells and under feeder-free conditions. Results provide insight into the role of S1P in ESC renewal.
 Parkinson's disease: substantia nigra Analysis of substantia nigrae from postmortem brains of patients with Parkinson’s disease (PD). Neurons in the substantia nigra, which produces dopamine, degenerate in PD. Results provide insight into the molecular pathogenesis of PD.
 Alzheimer's disease: neurofibrillary tangles Analysis of entorhinal cortex neurons containing neurofibrillary tangles (NFT) from 10 mid-stage Alzheimer's disease (AD) patients. Comparison with histopathologically normal neurons from the same patients and brain region. Results provide insight into the formation of NFTs in AD.
 LIM homeobox protein cofactor dominant negative form effect on breast cancer cell line Analysis of breast cancer MCF-7 cells after the induction of expression of a dominant negative form of the cofactor of LIM domains (CLIM), a co-regulator of the nuclear LIM only protein 4 (LMO4). LMO4 is upregulated in breast cancer. Results provide insight into the role of LMO4 in tumor formation.
 IFN-gamma and IL-1beta effect on thyroid epithelial cells (HG-U133A 2.0) Analysis of thyroid epithelial cells (TECs) treated with IFN-gamma, IL-1beta, or both. Fas-mediated apoptosis plays a role in the pathogenesis of autoimmune thyroid diseases. TECs are resistant to Fas-mediated apoptosis, but the resistance is overcome by pretreatment with IFN-gamma and IL-1beta.
 Testosterone effect on skeletal muscles of HIV-infected males experiencing weight loss Analysis of skeletal muscles of HIV-infected males experiencing weight loss after treatment with testosterone. HIV-associated wasting and weight loss are clinically significant concerns. Results provide insight into androgen action and the potential of anabolic therapies for wasting and sarcopenia.
 Tremorogenic chemical harmane effect on astrocytes Analysis of astrocytes treated with the tremorogenic chemical harmane. Increased blood harmane concentration is associated with an increased risk of essential tremor. Astrocyte dysfunction is associated with neurodegenerative diseases.
 Transcription factors YY2 and YY1 knockdown effect on HeLa cells Analysis of HeLa cells following shRNA knockdown of zinc-finger transcription factor Yin Yang 1 (YY1), its homolog YY2, or both YY1 and YY2. YY1 plays a critical role in controlling cell proliferation, development and DNA damage responses. Results provide insight into YY2 versus YY1 target genes.
 1,25 dihydroxyvitamin D effect on prostate epithelial cell line RWPE1: time course Analysis of RWPE1 cells, an immortalized, non-tumorigenic prostate epithelial cell line, treated with 1,25(OH)2D (i.e., the active form of vitamin D), for up to 48 hrs. RWPE1 cells are growth arrested by 1,25(OH)2D. Results provide insight into the role of vitamin D in prostate cancer prevention.
 Ductal carcinoma in situ: mammary gland Analysis of ductal carcinoma in situ (DCIS) of mammary gland. DCIS represents an early, pre-invasive stage in development of invasive breast carcinoma. These results, together with results from a rodent model of DCIS development, provide insight into molecular basis of early stages of breast cancer.
 Glioblastoma stem-like cell lines, glioblastomas, and glioma cell lines Analysis of glioblastoma stem-like (GS) cell lines, corresponding glioblastoma primary tumors, conventional glioma cell lines, and GS neurospheres. Results provide insight into cell lines recapitulating transcriptional aspects of glioblastomas, thereby allowing identification of therapeutic targets.
 Adrenocortical adenomas harboring β-catenin gene CTNNB1 mutations Analysis of adrenocortical adenomas (AA) with β-catenin missense mutations and AAs with wild-type CTNNB1. Mutations of CTNNB1 are common in AA and adrenocortical carcinomas (ACC). Results provide insight into molecular mechanisms deregulated in adrenocortical tumors with CTNNB1 genetic alterations.
 Unruptured intracranial arterial aneurysm: cerebral artery Analysis of unruptured intracranial arterial aneurysm (IAA). IAA is a cerebrovascular disorder in which weakness in a cerebral artery wall causes localized dilation and possible rupture. Results provide insight into the molecular mechanisms underlying cerebral aneurysms.
 Tamoxifen-resistant breast cancer cell line MCF7 subclones Analysis of tamoxifen-sensitive and -resistant subclones of breast tumor MCF7 cells treated with estrogen (E), 4-hydroxy-tamoxifen (4-OHT), or E + 4-OHT. Success of 4-OHT therapy is limited by intrinsic and acquired drug resistance. Results provide insight into mechanisms leading to drug resistance.
 HUVECs infected with Staphylococcus aureus isolates from blood and anterior nares Analysis of human umbilical vein endothelial cells (HUVECs) infected with S. aureus from nares of healthy carriers or from blood of septic patients (i.e. representing a disseminated disease). Results provide insight into interactions between HUVECs and virulent/non-virulent S. aureus isolates.
 Mutant-p53 and Pin1 depleted MDA-MB-231 breast cancer cells Analysis of breast cancer cell line MDA-MB-231 depleted of prolyl isomerase Pin1 or mutant-p53. Pin1 overexpression and p53 mutation associate with poor outcome in breast cancer. Results provide insight into the role of a Pin1/mutant p53 axis in the acquisition of aggressive features by tumor cells.
 Effect of estrogen receptor- or retinoic acid receptor-knockdown on estrogen-sensitive MCF7 breast cancer cells Analysis of MCF7 cells transfected with control siRNA, estrogen receptor α (ER) siRNA or retinoic acid receptor α (RARα) siRNA. Basal proliferation of MCF7 cells was diminished by knocking down ER or RARα. Results provided insight into the molecular basis of basal proliferation.
 KUCaP-2 xenograft model of castration-resistant prostate cancer: various stages Analysis of KUCaP-2 xenograft tissues transplanted into mice and collected during androgen-dependent growth (AD), castration-induced regression nadir (ND), and castration-resistant regrowth (CR) stages. Results provide insight into molecular basis of castration-resistant prostate cancer development.
 Long-term heat-stress effect on skeletal muscle Analysis of skeletal muscle from eight healthy men following a 10-week application of heat stress (8 hours/day, 4 days/week) on the quadriceps muscles without exercise training. Results provide insight into the molecular mechanisms involved in the muscular adaptation to heat stress.
 Estradiol effect on breast cancer cell line: time course Analysis of MCF-7 breast cancer cells treated with estradiol for 3 or 6 hours. Results combined with ChIP experiments to identify estrogen receptor alpha binding sites and estradiol target genes in breast cancer cells.
 X-linked inhibitor of apoptosis XIAP depletion effect on a colorectal cancer cell line Analysis of early and late passage HCT116 colon cancer cells depleted for X-linked inhibitor of apoptosis (XIAP). XIAP is overexpressed in the majority of NCI 60 cell lines compared to normal cells suggesting a potential role as a therapeutic target in a wide spectrum of malignancies.
 Frontotemporal lobar degeneration with ubiquitinated inclusions and progranulin mutations: various brain regions Analysis of various brain regions of patients who suffered from frontotemporal lobar degeneration with ubiquitinated inclusions (FTLD-U). Presence of progranulin (GRN) mutations determined. GRN mutations are associated with FTLD-U. Results identify expression signatures for GRN subtypes of FTLD-U.
 Macaca mulatta model of Helicobacter pylori infection: time course Analysis of gastric mucosa from H. pylori specific pathogen free (SPF) rhesus monkeys infected with wildtype H. pylori strain J166 or its isogenic cag pathogenicity island (cag PAI) knockout mutant. Results provide insight into the role of cag PAI in the H. pylori host-pathogen interaction.
 Nasopharyngeal carcinoma Analysis of 31 laser-captured, microdissected  nasopharyngeal carcinoma (NPC) tissues samples. NPC is an Epstein-Barr virus (EBV)-associated epithelial cancer prevalent in Southeast Asia. Results provide insight into the molecular mechanisms involved in EBV-associated epithelial cancers.
 Periodontal therapy effect on peripheral blood monocytes: time course Analysis of peripheral blood monocytes from periodontitis patients up to 10 weeks after initiation of periodontal therapy. Periodontitis is associated with the process of atherosclerosis. Results provide insight into the molecular basis of a systemic anti-inflammatory effect of periodontal therapy.
 Estradiol effect on breast cancer cell line in the absence of protein synthesis Analysis of MCF-7 breast cancer cells treated with estradiol (E2) and cycloheximide, an inhibitor of protein synthesis (PS). Primary E2 targets are regulated by E2 in the absence of de novo PS. Results provide insight into mechanisms underlying primary and secondary E2 target gene regulation.
 Estrogen effect on breast cancer cell line: time course Analysis of MCF-7 breast cancer cells treated with estrogen for up to 12 hours. Results used in conjunction with estrogen receptor and RNA polymerase II binding data to provide insight into the mechanisms underlying estrogen-regulated gene expression in breast cancer.
 Interleukin-1 effect on epidermal keratinocytes: time course Analysis of epidermal keratinocytes at various time points up to 48 hours post-interleukin-1 (IL-1) treatment. IL-1 is a proinflammatory and immunomodulatory cytokine that plays a role in inflammatory diseases of the skin. Results provide insight into gene products that mediate the effects of IL-1.
 House dust mite extract effect on a bronchial epithelial cell line Analysis of H292 bronchial epithelial cells exposed to house dust mite (HDM) extract. More than just a physical barrier, epithelium can produce mediators in response to pathogens and allergens. Results provide insight into the nature of the response of bronchial epithelial cells to HDM allergen.
 Tumor suppressor PTEN depletion effect on various cell lines Analysis of A431, HCC827, and SKBR-3 carcinoma cell lines depleted for the tumor suppressor PTEN. Inactivation of PTEN is a common genetic lesion in cancer. Results provide insight into the molecular basis of the oncogenic phenotypes resulting from PTEN deficiency.
 Argyrin A effect on MCF7 breast cancer cells: time course Temporal analysis of MCF7 breast adenocarcinoma cells treated with argyrin A, a proteasome inhibitor that induces apoptosis by stabilizing cyclin kinase inhibitor p27kip1. Results provide insight into the molecular mechanisms that make argyrin A-induced cell death dependent upon p27kip1 expression.
 Newly diagnosed and chronic pediatric immune thrombocytopenia: peripheral blood T-cells Analysis of T-cells from children with newly diagnosed ITP and children with chronic ITP. ITP is an autoimmune disease that resolves in the majority of children but becomes chronic in others.  Results provide insight into molecular mechanisms underlying the newly diagnosed and chronic phases of ITP.
 Rheumatoid arthritic synovium response to tocilizumab Analysis of synovial biopsies from rheumatoid arthritis patients before and 12 weeks after the start of tocilizumab (TCZ) therapy. Results compared to those obtained from methotrexate (MTX) therapy (GDS5069) and provide insight into the differences in the mechanisms of action between TCZ and MTX.
 Alopecia areata: scalp skin Analysis of scalp skin from patients with alopecia areata (AA). AA is a common autoimmune disease resulting from damage of the hair follicle by T cells. Results provide insight into the molecular mechanisms underlying AA pathogenesis.
 Prechondrocytes Analysis of LCM-isolated prechondrocytes in chondrogenic condensations and total limb cells at week 6 of embryogenesis. Results provide insight into molecular mechanisms distinguishing prechondrocytes from other cell lineages in developing limbs.
 E-cadherin and TGFβ-receptor type II knockdown effect on esophageal organotypic cultures Analysis of esophageal keratinocytes depleted for E-cadherin and TGFb receptor type II and grown on a collagen/Matrigel matrix with embedded fibroblasts. Loss of E-cadherin and TGFb receptor type II is common in esophageal cancer. Results provide insight into molecular basis of esophageal cancer.
 Age effect on the skeletal muscle Analysis of vastus lateralis muscle biopsy samples from young (about 25 years old) and old (about 78 years old) adults. Subjects had not taken part in formal exercise. Results provide insight into the effect of age on basal gene expression in the skeletal muscle.
 Stearoyl-CoA desaturase 1 inhibition effect on clear cell renal cell carcinoma cell lines Analysis of clear cell renal cell carcinoma (ccRCC) cells treated with A939572, a stearoyl-CoA desaturase 1 (SCD1) inhibitor. SCD1 is overexpressed in ccRCC.Results provide insight into the role of SCD1 in the pathogenesis of ccRCC.
 miR-483 overexpression effect on IGF2 expressing sarcoma cell line Analysis of MHH-ES-1 Ewing's sarcoma cells overexpressing miR-483. Ewing's sarcoma is an aggressive pediatric tumor expressing endogenous IGF2. miR-483-5p is embedded within the IGF2 gene. Results provide insight into the role of miR-483 in IGF2 expression.
 Lysine-specific demethylase 1 depletion effect on neuroblastoma cell line Analysis of SH-SY5Y neuroblastoma cells depleted for lysine-specific demethylase 1 (LSD1). LSD1 is a histone demethylating enzyme. Results provide insight into the role of LSD1 in neuroblastoma.
 Ubiquitin carboxyl hydrolase BAP1 depletion effect on osteosarcoma cell line Analysis of U2OS osteosarcoma cells depleted for the ubiquitin carboxyl hydrolase BAP1. BAP1 is a deubiquitinating enzyme. Results provide insight into the role of BAP1 in transcriptional regulation.
 Chronic plaque psoriasis: lesional and non-lesional skin punch biopsies Analysis of 6 mm punch biopsies of lesional and non-lesional (uninvolved) skin from four chronic plaque psoriasis patients. Chronic plaque psoriasis is an inflammatory skin disease. Results provide insight into molecular mechanisms underlying this inflammatory skin disorder.
 A 3-D ex vivo model of oral wound healing: primary gingival fibroblasts Analysis of gingival fibroblasts populating sponge-type or gel-type collagen scaffolds loaded with platelet-derived growth factor-BB. Collagen scaffolds augment oral soft tissue to support wound repair. Results provide insight into molecular basis of cell population dynamics of collagen scaffolds.
 Proliferator-activated receptor gamma agonist rosiglitazone effect on extravillous cytotrophoblasts in vitro Analysis of EVCTs isolated from first trimester placenta and treated with rosiglitazone, a PPARγ agonist. EVCT invasion into the uterus is critical for placental and fetal development. Results provide insight into the molecular basis of PPARγ-mediated regulation of EVCT invasion in vitro.
 Acute alcohol consumption effect on whole blood (alcohol group): time course Analysis of blood from subjects administered orange juice with ethanol.  Blood collected at Blood Alcohol Concentrations of 0%, 0.04%, 0.08%, declining 0.04% and 0.02%. These results, together with those from GDS6177, provide insight into molecular response of blood during acute ethanol exposure.
 Prolactinoma Analysis of prolactinomas and normal pituitary tissues. Prolactinoma is a benign pituitary tumor that produces excessive prolactin resulting in hyperprolactinemia. Results provide insight into molecular mechanisms underlying the pathogenesis of this pituitary condition.
 Progesterone receptor modulator asoprisnil effect on endometrium: dose response Analysis of endometrial tissue collected at hysterectomy from women with symptomatic uterine fibroids who were treated orally with up to 25 mg asoprisnil once daily for 12 wks until hysterectomy. Results provide insight into the molecular basis of endometrial bleeding suppression by asoprisnil.
 Discoid lupus erythematosus and psoriasis skin biopsies Analysis of discoid lupus erythematosus (DLE) and psoriasis skin samples. DLE is the most common skin manifestation of lupus; psoriasis is the most well-characterized autoimmune skin disease to date. Results provide insight into the molecular mechanisms underlying DLE skin.
 First-time acute myocardial infarction patients with or without recurrent event: peripheral blood Analysis of blood from first-time acute myocardial infarction (AMI) patients, clinically indistinguishable at baseline, with or without recurrent cardiovascular events at 18 months. Results provide insight into molecular mechanisms distinguishing AMI patients with or without recurrent events.
 In vitro myoblast differentiation: time course Analysis of myoblasts isolated from a 7 year-old male and cultured in low-serum medium to stimulate myogenic differentiation for up 15 days. Results provide insight into the molecular mechanisms underlying myogenic differentiation.
 SW480 KRAS-mutant colorectal cancer cell line response to dual inhibition of tankyrase and MEK: time course Analysis of SW480 cancer cells treated with tankyrase inhibitor, MEK inhibitor, or both, for up to 16hrs. Dual inhibition of TNKS and MEK led to tumor regression. Results provide insight into molecular mechanisms underlying the synergistic effects of TNKS and MEK inhibitors in KRAS-mutant cancers.
 Cyclin-dependent kinase inhibitor R547 effect on colon cancer cell line: dose response and time course Analysis of HCT116 colon cancer cells treated with the CDK inhibitor R547 at 3 doses for up to 24 hours. R547 exerts an antiproliferative effect on various cell lines. Results compared with those from PBMCs (GDS5266) and DU145 cells (GDS5267) to identify pharmacodynamic biomarkers for R547.
 Cyclin-dependent kinase inhibitor R547 effect on prostate cancer cell line: dose response and time course Analysis of DU145 prostate cancer cells treated with the CDK inhibitor R547 at 3 doses for up to 24 hours. R547 exerts an antiproliferative effect on various cell lines. Results compared with those from PBMCs (GDS5266) and HCT116 cells (GDS5268) to identify pharmacodynamic biomarkers for R547.
 Dendritic cell response to Leishmania major infection: time course Analysis of dendritic cells for up to 24 hours following infection with Leishmania major. Leishmaniasis is a group of insect vector transmitted parasitic diseases. Results provide insight into the molecular response of dendritic cells to L. major infections.
 Sotrastaurin effect on mantle cell lymphoma cell lines Analysis of various mantle cell lymphoma (MCL) lines treated with sotrastaurin (STN). Jeko-1 and Mino are STN-sensitive cell lines; Z-138 and Maver-1 are STN-insensitive cell lines. STN is a pan-protein kinase C (PKC) inhibitor. Results provide insight into the molecular response to PKC inhibition.
 Three dimensional culturing effect on dermal papilla cells Analysis of intact papillae isolated from male occipital scalp skin, 2D cultures of dermal papilla (DP) cells (passage 1, 3, 5) and 3D spheroid cultures of DP cells. Results provide insight into molecular mechanisms underlying spatial environment influences regulating dermal papilla cell induction.
 ENCSR002FZU -    Neural Progenitor Cell Sample   Sample Information:     br /  br / Sample ID: NTR:0000711   br / Details: Neural Progenitor Cell sample from   .   br / Analysis Platform: Human 2.1M Whole-Genome CGH Tiling Array v2.0   br / Submitting Lab: David Gilbert, FSU   br / Released: 2015-07-21   br / Sample Type: in Vitro Differentiated Cells   br / 
 ENCSR000AXA -    Induced Pluripotent Stem Cell Sample   Sample Information:     br /  br / Sample ID: EFO:0004905   br / Details: Induced Pluripotent Stem Cell sample from   .   br / Analysis Platform: Human 2.1M Whole-Genome CGH Tiling Array v2.0   br / Submitting Lab: David Gilbert, FSU   br / Released: 2012-07-31   br / Sample Type: Induced Pluripotent Stem Cell Line   br /    br / Author Description:   br / Repli-chip on Human iPS HFib2 IPS4   br /  br / 
 Expression data from actomyosin contractility regulated genes   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Expression data from actomyosin contractility regulated genes br / Number of assays: 12 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Cell Line, Material Type, Treatment br / Last update: 07-08-2015 br / 
 Global expression analysis of DLBCL cell lines with LITAF over-expression or silencing   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Global expression analysis of DLBCL cell lines with LITAF over-expression or silencing br / Number of assays: 12 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: RNA Interference, Cell Line, Compound br / Last update: 06-10-2015 br / 
 Expression of SUDHL-1 cell line treated by ALK inhibitors   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Expression of SUDHL-1 cell line treated by ALK inhibitors br / Number of assays: 6 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Compound br / Last update: 27-07-2015 br / 
 Human U937 cell transcriptome response to Zaire Ebola virus wild-type in the delta-”VP30 background and delta-mucin virus   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Human U937 cell transcriptome response to Zaire Ebola virus wild-type in the delta-”VP30 background and delta-mucin virus br / Number of assays: 53 br / Technology: Agilent Human Gene Expression 4x44K v2 Microarray 026652 G4845A br / Experimental factors: Infect, Time br / Last update: 30-09-2016 br / 
 Expression data from human pancreatic cells PANC-1 infected with oncolytic vaccinia virus GLV-1h153   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Expression data from human pancreatic cells PANC-1 infected with oncolytic vaccinia virus GLV-1h153 br / Number of assays: 9 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133A 2.0 [HG-U133A\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Infect, Time br / Last update: 25-08-2015 br / 
 Transcription profiling of human duodenal mucosa samples taken from subjects after ingesting a Lactobacillus plantarum WCFS1 supplement for two weeks   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling of human duodenal mucosa samples taken from subjects after ingesting a Lactobacillus plantarum WCFS1 supplement for two weeks br / Number of assays: 16 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Diet br / Last update: 22-10-2015 br / 
 BT474 and BT474-J4 microarray data   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: BT474 and BT474-J4 microarray data br / Number of assays: 18 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Compound, Phenotype br / Last update: 07-08-2015 br / 
 Transcription profiling by array of MEG-01 cells transfected with miR-15a and miR-16-1   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling by array of MEG-01 cells transfected with miR-15a and miR-16-1 br / Number of assays: 6 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Genotype br / Last update: 03-07-2014 br / 
 Transcription profiling by array of human breast epithelium and stroma in normal reduction mammoplasty and invasive breast cancer patients   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling by array of human breast epithelium and stroma in normal reduction mammoplasty and invasive breast cancer patients br / Number of assays: 66 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133A 2.0 [HG-U133A\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Cell Type, Disease br / Last update: 29-07-2015 br / 
 Transcription profiling by array of human pulmonary artery endothelial cells cultured with ultrafine air pollutant particles   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling by array of human pulmonary artery endothelial cells cultured with ultrafine air pollutant particles br / Number of assays: 8 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Growth Condition br / Last update: 03-07-2014 br / 
 Transcription profiling by array of human BMPR2 mutation carriers with and without evidence of pulmonary arterial hypertension   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling by array of human BMPR2 mutation carriers with and without evidence of pulmonary arterial hypertension br / Number of assays: 7 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Disease br / Last update: 29-07-2015 br / 
 Expression data of MCF-7 cells treated with gamma tocotrienol (g-T3)   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Expression data of MCF-7 cells treated with gamma tocotrienol (g-T3) br / Number of assays: 8 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133A 2.0 [HG-U133A\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Compound br / Last update: 07-08-2015 br / 
 Transcription profiling of male and female human hypothalamus tissue   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling of male and female human hypothalamus tissue br / Number of assays: 23 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome HG-U133A [HG-U133A] br / Experimental factors: sex br / Last update: 20-11-2015 br / 
 Transcription profiling of human activated T lymphocytes to determine the effects of TX527, a hypocalcemic vitamin D analog   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling of human activated T lymphocytes to determine the effects of TX527, a hypocalcemic vitamin D analog br / Number of assays: 10 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Compound br / Last update: 12-10-2015 br / 
 Expression data from peripheral blood mononuclear cell in patients with type 1 diabetes before and after peripheral stem cell transplantation   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Expression data from peripheral blood mononuclear cell in patients with type 1 diabetes before and after peripheral stem cell transplantation br / Number of assays: 18 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Clinical Treatment, Sampling Time Point br / Last update: 17-09-2015 br / 
 Expression data from PDE1C knockdown glioblastoma short-term cultures   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Expression data from PDE1C knockdown glioblastoma short-term cultures br / Number of assays: 12 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: RNA Interference, Cell Line br / Last update: 25-08-2015 br / 
 Networking of differentially expressed genes in human K562 erythtoblastic leukemia cells resistant to methotrexate   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Networking of differentially expressed genes in human K562 erythtoblastic leukemia cells resistant to methotrexate br / Number of assays: 6 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Phenotype br / Last update: 06-08-2015 br / 
 Gene expression changes in MV4-11 cells upon SMARCA4 knock-down and PFI-3 treatment   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Gene expression changes in MV4-11 cells upon SMARCA4 knock-down and PFI-3 treatment br / Number of assays: 12 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Compound, Genotype br / Last update: 18-09-2015 br / 
 Transcription profiling by array of human T98G cells under growth arrest   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling by array of human T98G cells under growth arrest br / Number of assays: 9 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133A 2.0 [HG-U133A\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Growth Condition br / Last update: 03-07-2014 br / 
 Regulation of endometrial bleeding by uNK cells   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Regulation of endometrial bleeding by uNK cells br / Number of assays: 27 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Compound, Organism Part br / Last update: 17-07-2015 br / 
 Identifying novel anti-angiogenic targets in human breast cancer   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Identifying novel anti-angiogenic targets in human breast cancer br / Number of assays: 6 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Disease br / Last update: 17-08-2015 br / 
 Transcription profiling by array of human HEK293 cells treated with the proteasome inhibitor epoxomicin   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling by array of human HEK293 cells treated with the proteasome inhibitor epoxomicin br / Number of assays: 12 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Compound, Time br / Last update: 28-08-2015 br / 
 The effect of ACSL4 expression on overall gene expression in breast cancer cell lines   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: The effect of ACSL4 expression on overall gene expression in breast cancer cell lines br / Number of assays: 18 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Cell Line, Treatment br / Last update: 19-08-2015 br / 
 3D culture of AIDS-NHL cells influences gene expression related to B-cell development, proliferation and survival   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: 3D culture of AIDS-NHL cells influences gene expression related to B-cell development, proliferation and survival br / Number of assays: 6 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Growth Condition br / Last update: 02-09-2015 br / 
 Transcription profiling by array of primary human macrophages cultured from patients with ileal Crohn's disease, colonic Crohn's disease, or healthy individuals, with or without stimulation with heat-killed E. coli   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling by array of primary human macrophages cultured from patients with ileal Crohn's disease, colonic Crohn's disease, or healthy individuals, with or without stimulation with heat-killed E. coli br / Number of assays: 66 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Disease, Stimulus br / Last update: 15-07-2014 br / 
 Transcriptional analysis of whole substantia nigra in Parkinson's disease   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcriptional analysis of whole substantia nigra in Parkinson's disease br / Number of assays: 26 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome HG-U133A [HG-U133A] br / Experimental factors: Disease br / Last update: 27-07-2015 br / 
 Transcription profiling of human bronchial cell line treated with IL-13 to better understand early cytokine-mediated mechanisms that lead to asthma   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling of human bronchial cell line treated with IL-13 to better understand early cytokine-mediated mechanisms that lead to asthma br / Number of assays: 15 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome HG-U133A [HG-U133A] br / Experimental factors: Compound, Time br / Last update: 18-09-2015 br / 
 Gene expression changes upon treatment of T47D breast cancer cells with the Pan-PI3 kinase inhibitor GDC-0941   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Gene expression changes upon treatment of T47D breast cancer cells with the Pan-PI3 kinase inhibitor GDC-0941 br / Number of assays: 6 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Compound br / Last update: 03-07-2014 br / 
 Transcription profiling by array of human grafted engineered skin substitutes   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling by array of human grafted engineered skin substitutes br / Number of assays: 27 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Organism Part, Time br / Last update: 04-09-2015 br / 
 Pivotal role of HMGA1 gene signature in highly metastatic breast cancer   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Pivotal role of HMGA1 gene signature in highly metastatic breast cancer br / Number of assays: 8 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: RNA Interference br / Last update: 18-08-2015 br / 
 Gene expression pattern in CXCR4+ and CXCR4- subpopulation of breast cancer cells   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Gene expression pattern in CXCR4+ and CXCR4- subpopulation of breast cancer cells br / Number of assays: 12 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Compound, Phenotype br / Last update: 22-06-2015 br / 
 Transcription profiling of human brain tissue from subjects with bipolar disorder and healthy controls   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling of human brain tissue from subjects with bipolar disorder and healthy controls br / Number of assays: 57 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome HG-U133A [HG-U133A] br / Experimental factors: Disease br / Last update: 27-07-2015 br / 
 Transcription profiling of human monocyte-derived dendritic cells to compare the phenotypes of interferon-alpha and interleukin-4 conditioned dendritic cells   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling of human monocyte-derived dendritic cells to compare the phenotypes of interferon-alpha and interleukin-4 conditioned dendritic cells br / Number of assays: 12 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome HG-U133A [HG-U133A] br / Experimental factors: Compound br / Last update: 22-10-2015 br / 
 Transcription profiling of cultured fibroblastic cell lines from Rett syndrome patients   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling of cultured fibroblastic cell lines from Rett syndrome patients br / Number of assays: 6 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Genotype br / Last update: 22-10-2015 br / 
 Transcription profiling of skin samples from atopic dermatitis patients before and after treatment with cyclosporine A   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling of skin samples from atopic dermatitis patients before and after treatment with cyclosporine A br / Number of assays: 106 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Compound, Phenotype, Time br / Last update: 20-05-2016 br / 
 Expression data from primary human keratinocytes exposed to cytokines in vitro (IL-4, IL-13, IL-17A, IFN-alpha, IFN-gamma, TNF)   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Expression data from primary human keratinocytes exposed to cytokines in vitro (IL-4, IL-13, IL-17A, IFN-alpha, IFN-gamma, TNF) br / Number of assays: 24 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Treatment br / Last update: 28-09-2015 br / 
 Induction of apoptotic processes in Capan-1 pancreatic carcinoma cells by restoration of p16INK4a expression   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Induction of apoptotic processes in Capan-1 pancreatic carcinoma cells by restoration of p16INK4a expression br / Number of assays: 6 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Treatment br / Last update: 12-08-2015 br / 
 A single intradermal injection of IFN-gamma induces a psoriasis-like state in both non-lesional psoriatic and healthy skin   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: A single intradermal injection of IFN-gamma induces a psoriasis-like state in both non-lesional psoriatic and healthy skin br / Number of assays: 60 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133A 2.0 [HG-U133A\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Disease, Treatment br / Last update: 23-07-2015 br / 
 Hepatic gene expression of HCV related Hepatocellular carcinoma and non-cancerous tissue with Il28B rs8099917 TT genotype and TG/GG genotype   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Hepatic gene expression of HCV related Hepatocellular carcinoma and non-cancerous tissue with Il28B rs8099917 TT genotype and TG/GG genotype br / Number of assays: 40 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Clinical Information, Genotype br / Last update: 29-07-2015 br / 
 Transcription profiling of human hair follicles from men and women   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling of human hair follicles from men and women br / Number of assays: 10 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome Focus Array [HG-Focus] br / Experimental factors: sex br / Last update: 18-09-2015 br / 
 GSK3B shRNA in Panc-1 xenografts   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: GSK3B shRNA in Panc-1 xenografts br / Number of assays: 7 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: RNA Interference br / Last update: 23-06-2015 br / 
 Molecular Signature of Pregnancy Associated Breast Cancer (PABC)   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Molecular Signature of Pregnancy Associated Breast Cancer (PABC) br / Number of assays: 26 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Cell Type, Individual br / Last update: 17-08-2015 br / 
 Forced KLF4 expression in human Early Plasma Cells obtained in vitro   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Forced KLF4 expression in human Early Plasma Cells obtained in vitro br / Number of assays: 10 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Genotype br / Last update: 03-07-2014 br / 
 Transcription profiling by array of human bronchiole epithelial cells infected with human metapneumovirus   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling by array of human bronchiole epithelial cells infected with human metapneumovirus br / Number of assays: 18 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Infect, Time br / Last update: 10-09-2014 br / 
 Transcription profiling of human airway epithelial cells cultured at an air-liquid interface (ALI) and sampled at multiple time points to examine mucociliary differentiation   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling of human airway epithelial cells cultured at an air-liquid interface (ALI) and sampled at multiple time points to examine mucociliary differentiation br / Number of assays: 24 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Time br / Last update: 28-07-2015 br / 
 Transcription profiling by array of human Huh7 cells after treatment with ribavirin   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling by array of human Huh7 cells after treatment with ribavirin br / Number of assays: 6 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Compound br / Last update: 03-07-2014 br / 
 Aberrant ERK signaling causes resistance to EGFR kinase inhibitors   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Aberrant ERK signaling causes resistance to EGFR kinase inhibitors br / Number of assays: 6 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133A 2.0 [HG-U133A\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Phenotype br / Last update: 19-08-2015 br / 
 Transcription profiling of human monocyte derived dendritric cells matured with Galectin-1 or LPS vs controls   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling of human monocyte derived dendritric cells matured with Galectin-1 or LPS vs controls br / Number of assays: 12 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Growth Condition br / Last update: 28-07-2015 br / 
 Transcription profiling by array of human chronic lymphocytic leukemia cells after treatment with valproic acid   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling by array of human chronic lymphocytic leukemia cells after treatment with valproic acid br / Number of assays: 28 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Compound br / Last update: 07-09-2015 br / 
 The permanent reduction of TIA proteins molds expression transcriptome in HeLa cells   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: The permanent reduction of TIA proteins molds expression transcriptome in HeLa cells br / Number of assays: 6 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: RNA Interference br / Last update: 28-11-2014 br / 
 Transcription profiling of human lung cancer cell A549 lines treated with the chemotherapeutic drug motexafin gaolinium at 4, 12 and 24h timepoints   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling of human lung cancer cell A549 lines treated with the chemotherapeutic drug motexafin gaolinium at 4, 12 and 24h timepoints br / Number of assays: 18 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome HG-U133A [HG-U133A] br / Experimental factors: Compound, Time br / Last update: 23-06-2015 br / 
 Transcription profiling by array of BEAS 2B cells treated with N-hydroxylated PhIP   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling by array of BEAS 2B cells treated with N-hydroxylated PhIP br / Number of assays: 27 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Compound br / Last update: 03-07-2014 br / 
 Transcription profiling by array of human hepatocytes treated with doxorubicin   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling by array of human hepatocytes treated with doxorubicin br / Number of assays: 10 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Compound br / Last update: 27-08-2015 br / 
 Gene profiling: U87 IRE1 dominant negative cells vs. U87ctrl cells in culture   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Gene profiling: U87 IRE1 dominant negative cells vs. U87ctrl cells in culture br / Number of assays: 6 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133A 2.0 [HG-U133A\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Phenotype br / Last update: 12-08-2015 br / 
 Transcription profiling by array of human peripheral blood mononuclear cells from patients with epilepsy over a time course of dexamethasone treatment   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling by array of human peripheral blood mononuclear cells from patients with epilepsy over a time course of dexamethasone treatment br / Number of assays: 12 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Compound, Disease, Time br / Last update: 15-09-2015 br / 
 Transcription profiling by array of human colorectal carcinoma cell line HCT116 treated with SN38 (7-ethyl-10-hydroxy-20(S)-camptothecin)and sampled at 3 timepoints   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling by array of human colorectal carcinoma cell line HCT116 treated with SN38 (7-ethyl-10-hydroxy-20(S)-camptothecin)and sampled at 3 timepoints br / Number of assays: 15 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Phenotype, Time br / Last update: 22-10-2015 br / 
 CAL-51 breast cancer side population cells   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: CAL-51 breast cancer side population cells br / Number of assays: 6 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Cell Type br / Last update: 07-08-2015 br / 
 RNAi profiling by array of human CD34-derived erythroid progenitors treated with BCL11A siRNAs   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: RNAi profiling by array of human CD34-derived erythroid progenitors treated with BCL11A siRNAs br / Number of assays: 12 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: RNA Interference br / Last update: 03-07-2014 br / 
 Antisense miRNA-221/222 (si221/222) and control inhibitor (GFP) treated fulvestrant-resistant breast cancer cells   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Antisense miRNA-221/222 (si221/222) and control inhibitor (GFP) treated fulvestrant-resistant breast cancer cells br / Number of assays: 9 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: RNA Interference br / Last update: 07-08-2015 br / 
 Gene expression profile of skeletal muscle in response to resistance exercise   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Gene expression profile of skeletal muscle in response to resistance exercise br / Number of assays: 28 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: sex, Stimulus br / Last update: 18-09-2015 br / 
 Transcription profiling by array of human mesenchymal stem cells in 2D culture compared with two different alginate-based 3D scaffolds   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling by array of human mesenchymal stem cells in 2D culture compared with two different alginate-based 3D scaffolds br / Number of assays: 12 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133A 2.0 [HG-U133A\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Growth Condition br / Last update: 22-10-2015 br / 
 Transcription profiling by array of human mature naive B cells with different PTPN22 genotypes   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling by array of human mature naive B cells with different PTPN22 genotypes br / Number of assays: 16 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Genotype br / Last update: 03-07-2014 br / 
 Effect of human breast tumor supernatant on normal CD4+ T cells (Confirmation Set SN)   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Effect of human breast tumor supernatant on normal CD4+ T cells (Confirmation Set SN) br / Number of assays: 6 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Growth Condition br / Last update: 18-08-2015 br / 
 Gene expression profile of C1013G/CXCR4 mutated WM cells   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Gene expression profile of C1013G/CXCR4 mutated WM cells br / Number of assays: 6 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Genotype br / Last update: 27-07-2015 br / 
 Genome-wide gene expression profile analysis in pulmonary sarcoidosis   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Genome-wide gene expression profile analysis in pulmonary sarcoidosis br / Number of assays: 12 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Disease br / Last update: 12-10-2015 br / 
 Microarray analysis of xenograft models in use at the Developmental Therapeutics Program of the National Cancer Institute (DTP-NCI)   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Microarray analysis of xenograft models in use at the Developmental Therapeutics Program of the National Cancer Institute (DTP-NCI) br / Number of assays: 389 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Cell Line, Disease, Passage br / Last update: 18-09-2015 br / 
 Expression profile of MDA-MB-231 and MCF7 cells stably transfected with GFP-Numb4, GFP-Numb5, GFP-Numb6   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Expression profile of MDA-MB-231 and MCF7 cells stably transfected with GFP-Numb4, GFP-Numb5, GFP-Numb6 br / Number of assays: 24 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Cell Line, Genotype br / Last update: 17-08-2015 br / 
 Transcription profiling by array of human adipose tissue from obese patients   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling by array of human adipose tissue from obese patients br / Number of assays: 39 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Clinical Information, Organism Part br / Last update: 15-09-2015 br / 
 Gene expression response to implanted drug (paclitaxel)-eluting or bare metal stents in denuded human LIMA arteries   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Gene expression response to implanted drug (paclitaxel)-eluting or bare metal stents in denuded human LIMA arteries br / Number of assays: 12 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Treatment br / Last update: 08-09-2015 br / 
 Transcription profiling by array of human subependymal giant cell astrocytoma brain tumors   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling by array of human subependymal giant cell astrocytoma brain tumors br / Number of assays: 7 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Disease br / Last update: 03-07-2014 br / 
 Expression profile of etoposide-resistant MCF7 (MCF7VP) cells   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Expression profile of etoposide-resistant MCF7 (MCF7VP) cells br / Number of assays: 6 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Phenotype br / Last update: 12-08-2015 br / 
 Transcription profiling by array of human substantia nigra from patients with Parkinson's disease   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling by array of human substantia nigra from patients with Parkinson's disease br / Number of assays: 25 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Disease br / Last update: 15-07-2014 br / 
 Transcription profiling by array of human intestinal epithelium from patients suffering from inflammatory bowel disease   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling by array of human intestinal epithelium from patients suffering from inflammatory bowel disease br / Number of assays: 12 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Disease br / Last update: 03-07-2014 br / 
 Transcription profiling by array of human nasal epithelium from patients infected with HRV-16 rhinovirus   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling by array of human nasal epithelium from patients infected with HRV-16 rhinovirus br / Number of assays: 93 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Infect, Time br / Last update: 28-07-2015 br / 
 Transcription profiling by array of human benign prostate, primary and metastatic prostate cancer samples to reveal signatures of metastatic progression   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling by array of human benign prostate, primary and metastatic prostate cancer samples to reveal signatures of metastatic progression br / Number of assays: 13 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Disease br / Last update: 03-07-2014 br / 
 Transcription profiling by array of two human epithelial acinar cell lines, HPAM1 and HPAF1, with global DNA demethylation by 5-aza-deoxycytidine and trichostatin against controls with normal mehtylation levels   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling by array of two human epithelial acinar cell lines, HPAM1 and HPAF1, with global DNA demethylation by 5-aza-deoxycytidine and trichostatin against controls with normal mehtylation levels br / Number of assays: 12 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Cell Line, Compound br / Last update: 10-10-2014 br / 
 Epigenetic reprogramming in relapsed childhood ALL   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Epigenetic reprogramming in relapsed childhood ALL br / Number of assays: 6 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Cell Line, Compound, Disease br / Last update: 22-09-2015 br / 
 Transcription profiling by array of human myotubues derived from three patients carrying mutations in LPIN1 gene and three matched controls with or without TNF-alpha/IL-1-beta treatment   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling by array of human myotubues derived from three patients carrying mutations in LPIN1 gene and three matched controls with or without TNF-alpha/IL-1-beta treatment br / Number of assays: 12 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Compound, Genotype br / Last update: 22-10-2015 br / 
 Expression Data from DMSO or SRPIN803 treated ARPE-19 cells   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Expression Data from DMSO or SRPIN803 treated ARPE-19 cells br / Number of assays: 6 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Compound br / Last update: 06-08-2015 br / 
 Transcription profiling by array of human female interstitial cystitis urothelial cells after inducing differentiation   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling by array of human female interstitial cystitis urothelial cells after inducing differentiation br / Number of assays: 12 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Disease, Growth Condition br / Last update: 27-08-2015 br / 
 Whole-Tissue Gene Expression Study of Pancreatic Ductal Adenocarcinoma   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Whole-Tissue Gene Expression Study of Pancreatic Ductal Adenocarcinoma br / Number of assays: 77 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Clinical Information br / Last update: 06-08-2015 br / 
 Transcription profiling of human estrogen receptor positive MCF7 cells stably transfected with aromatase gene treated with testosterone, 17 B-estradiol, two aromatase inhibitors (letrozole and anastrozole), and an anti-estrogen (tamoxifen)   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling of human estrogen receptor positive MCF7 cells stably transfected with aromatase gene treated with testosterone, 17 B-estradiol, two aromatase inhibitors (letrozole and anastrozole), and an anti-estrogen (tamoxifen) br / Number of assays: 18 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome HG-U133A [HG-U133A] br / Experimental factors: Compound br / Last update: 03-07-2014 br / 
 Transcription profiling by array of normal human bronchial epithelial cells after exposure to smoke   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling by array of normal human bronchial epithelial cells after exposure to smoke br / Number of assays: 24 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Compound, Time br / Last update: 14-08-2014 br / 
 MicroRNA profiling of peripheral blood mononuclear cells from CLL patients to identify a signature for specific chromasomal abnormalities   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: MicroRNA profiling of peripheral blood mononuclear cells from CLL patients to identify a signature for specific chromasomal abnormalities br / Number of assays: 61 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Genotype br / Last update: 02-11-2015 br / 
 Transcription profiling of human monocytes to macrophage differentiation   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling of human monocytes to macrophage differentiation br / Number of assays: 9 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome HG-U133A [HG-U133A] br / Experimental factors: Time br / Last update: 10-10-2014 br / 
 Expression data from CL1-0 and CL1-5 lung cancer cell line   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Expression data from CL1-0 and CL1-5 lung cancer cell line br / Number of assays: 6 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Phenotype br / Last update: 25-08-2015 br / 
 Gene expression profiling of CD4+ T cells from primary tumors, axillary lymph nodes and peripheral blood of 10 patients with invasive breast carcinomas and blood of 4 healthy donors   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Gene expression profiling of CD4+ T cells from primary tumors, axillary lymph nodes and peripheral blood of 10 patients with invasive breast carcinomas and blood of 4 healthy donors br / Number of assays: 14 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Disease, Organism Part br / Last update: 18-08-2015 br / 
 Expression profile of lung adenocarcinoma, A549 cells following targeted depletion of non metastatic 2 (NME2/NM23 H2)   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Expression profile of lung adenocarcinoma, A549 cells following targeted depletion of non metastatic 2 (NME2/NM23 H2) br / Number of assays: 6 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Genotype br / Last update: 07-08-2015 br / 
 Transcription profiling by array of of peripheral blood cells from 20 healthy controls and 20 colorectal cancer patients   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling by array of of peripheral blood cells from 20 healthy controls and 20 colorectal cancer patients br / Number of assays: 60 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Disease, Sampling Time Point br / Last update: 22-10-2015 br / 
 Expression analysis of lymphoblast cells lines in Parkinson's disease   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Expression analysis of lymphoblast cells lines in Parkinson's disease br / Number of assays: 16 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Disease, sex br / Last update: 03-09-2015 br / 
 Transcription profiling by array time series of human MCF7 breast cancer cells treated with estradiol   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling by array time series of human MCF7 breast cancer cells treated with estradiol br / Number of assays: 18 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Compound, Time br / Last update: 03-07-2014 br / 
 Expression data of the iPSCs derived from foreskin fibroblast cells of normal person and KS patient   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Expression data of the iPSCs derived from foreskin fibroblast cells of normal person and KS patient br / Number of assays: 18 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Cell Type, Disease br / Last update: 28-09-2015 br / 
 Transcription profiling of human embryonic kidney cell line HEK293 infected with Adenovirus expressing cDNA for GFP or PTTG   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling of human embryonic kidney cell line HEK293 infected with Adenovirus expressing cDNA for GFP or PTTG br / Number of assays: 9 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133A 2.0 [HG-U133A\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Phenotype br / Last update: 22-10-2015 br / 
 Transcription profiling by array of normal human bronchial epithelial cells treated with tumor necrosis factor-alpha   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling by array of normal human bronchial epithelial cells treated with tumor necrosis factor-alpha br / Number of assays: 60 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Compound, Time br / Last update: 23-10-2015 br / 
 Transciption profiling by array of human umbilical cord blood stem cells after co-culture with or without resting or IL-15 activated cord blood NK cells   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transciption profiling by array of human umbilical cord blood stem cells after co-culture with or without resting or IL-15 activated cord blood NK cells br / Number of assays: 9 br / Technology: Affymetrix Human Gene 2.0 ST Array [HuGene-2\ 0-st] br / Experimental factors: Growth Condition br / Last update: 08-08-2016 br / 
 Expression data for T47D cells treated with 2mM hydroxyurea   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Expression data for T47D cells treated with 2mM hydroxyurea br / Number of assays: 6 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Treatment br / Last update: 22-06-2015 br / 
 Transcription profiling of colon cancer tumor and normal biopsies from a series of patients to identify molecular biomarkers   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling of colon cancer tumor and normal biopsies from a series of patients to identify molecular biomarkers br / Number of assays: 47 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome HG-U133A [HG-U133A] br / Experimental factors: Clinical Information br / Last update: 29-07-2015 br / 
 Transcription profiling by array of human bone specimens from patients with osteosarcoma   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling by array of human bone specimens from patients with osteosarcoma br / Number of assays: 18 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Disease br / Last update: 03-07-2014 br / 
 S100P is a metastasis-associated gene that facilitates transendothelial migration of pancreatic cancer cells [HG-U133 Plus 2]   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: S100P is a metastasis-associated gene that facilitates transendothelial migration of pancreatic cancer cells [HG-U133 Plus 2] br / Number of assays: 7 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Genotype br / Last update: 06-08-2015 br / 
 Transcription profiling by array of human placenta samples from patients with villitis   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling by array of human placenta samples from patients with villitis br / Number of assays: 20 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Disease Staging br / Last update: 16-08-2014 br / 
 Transcription profiling by array of human lymphocytes from prostate carcinoma patients after X-radiation treatment   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling by array of human lymphocytes from prostate carcinoma patients after X-radiation treatment br / Number of assays: 108 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome HG-U133A [HG-U133A] br / Experimental factors: Clinical Information, Irradiate br / Last update: 29-07-2015 br / 
 Transcription profiling by array of HEK293 cells after RNAi knock-down of genes in the DNA-damage-induced transcriptional network, treated with neocarzinostatin   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling by array of HEK293 cells after RNAi knock-down of genes in the DNA-damage-induced transcriptional network, treated with neocarzinostatin br / Number of assays: 30 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome Focus Array [HG-Focus] br / Experimental factors: RNA Interference, Compound br / Last update: 14-08-2014 br / 
 Transcription profiling by array of human gingival epithelial cells infected with Aggregatibacter actinomycetemcomitans or Porphyromonas gingivalis   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling by array of human gingival epithelial cells infected with Aggregatibacter actinomycetemcomitans or Porphyromonas gingivalis br / Number of assays: 12 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome HG-U133A [HG-U133A] br / Experimental factors: Infect br / Last update: 03-07-2014 br / 
 Transcription profiling by array of human umbilical vein endothelial cells expressing miR-17   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling by array of human umbilical vein endothelial cells expressing miR-17 br / Number of assays: 6 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: RNA Interference br / Last update: 03-07-2014 br / 
 Defining the Genomic Signature of the Parous Breast   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Defining the Genomic Signature of the Parous Breast br / Number of assays: 113 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Clinical Information, Pregnancy br / Last update: 12-08-2015 br / 
 Transcription profiling of blood from Gulf War Illness sufferers and control veterans before and after exercise   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling of blood from Gulf War Illness sufferers and control veterans before and after exercise br / Number of assays: 59 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Disease, Sampling Time Point br / Last update: 22-10-2015 br / 
 Transcription profiling of islet of Langerhans from diabetic and non-diabetic patients   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling of islet of Langerhans from diabetic and non-diabetic patients br / Number of assays: 8 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome HG-U133A [HG-U133A] br / Experimental factors: Disease br / Last update: 22-10-2015 br / 
 Genes regulated by SDC1   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Genes regulated by SDC1 br / Number of assays: 6 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: RNA Interference br / Last update: 07-08-2015 br / 
 Gene expression profile of  human cord blood CD34+ cells expressing ZMYM2/FGFR1, BCR/FGFR1 or BCR/ABL1   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Gene expression profile of  human cord blood CD34+ cells expressing ZMYM2/FGFR1, BCR/FGFR1 or BCR/ABL1 br / Number of assays: 12 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Phenotype br / Last update: 03-09-2015 br / 
 Transcription profiling by array of human non-small cell lung cancer tissue from female non-smokers   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling by array of human non-small cell lung cancer tissue from female non-smokers br / Number of assays: 120 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Clinical Information br / Last update: 29-07-2015 br / 
 Transcription profiling by array of human natural killer cells   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling by array of human natural killer cells br / Number of assays: 16 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Clinical History, Compound br / Last update: 01-08-2014 br / 
 Genomic Collaboration of Estrogen Receptor-α and ERK2 in Regulating Gene and Proliferation Programs   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Genomic Collaboration of Estrogen Receptor-α and ERK2 in Regulating Gene and Proliferation Programs br / Number of assays: 18 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133A 2.0 [HG-U133A\ 2] br / Experimental factors: RNA Interference, Compound, Time br / Last update: 12-08-2015 br / 
 Transcription profiling by array of human peripheral blood samples from Kawasaki disease patients after treatment with intravenous immunoglobulin and methylprednisolone   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling by array of human peripheral blood samples from Kawasaki disease patients after treatment with intravenous immunoglobulin and methylprednisolone br / Number of assays: 34 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Clinical Treatment, Phenotype br / Last update: 04-09-2015 br / 
 Gene expression profiling in psoriatic lesional and non-lesional skin [Set 1]   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Gene expression profiling in psoriatic lesional and non-lesional skin [Set 1] br / Number of assays: 28 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Clinical Information br / Last update: 24-07-2015 br / 
 Expression profiling of human DCIS and invasive ductal breast carcinoma   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Expression profiling of human DCIS and invasive ductal breast carcinoma br / Number of assays: 19 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Disease br / Last update: 07-08-2015 br / 
 Gene-expression profiles of IFN-gamma-affected HOSE cells   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Gene-expression profiles of IFN-gamma-affected HOSE cells br / Number of assays: 8 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Treatment br / Last update: 04-08-2015 br / 
 Dominant Th1 and Minimal Th17 Skewing in Discoid Lupus Revealed by Transcriptomic Comparison with Psoriasis   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Dominant Th1 and Minimal Th17 Skewing in Discoid Lupus Revealed by Transcriptomic Comparison with Psoriasis br / Number of assays: 37 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133A 2.0 [HG-U133A\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Disease, Protocol br / Last update: 27-07-2015 br / 
 Transcription profiling by array of human MCF10A cells over-expressing HRas or MEK1   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling by array of human MCF10A cells over-expressing HRas or MEK1 br / Number of assays: 17 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Genotype br / Last update: 03-07-2014 br / 
 Gene expression profiling of enforced HOXA1 expression in melanoma cell line   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Gene expression profiling of enforced HOXA1 expression in melanoma cell line br / Number of assays: 6 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Treatment br / Last update: 18-08-2015 br / 
 RNAi knock down of mSin3a-b and SBTB4 in human colon carcinoma cell line HCT116   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: RNAi knock down of mSin3a-b and SBTB4 in human colon carcinoma cell line HCT116 br / Number of assays: 9 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133A 2.0 [HG-U133A\ 2] br / Experimental factors: RNA Interference br / Last update: 03-07-2014 br / 
 Transcription profiling by array of human fetal mesenchymal stem cell labelled with ferucarbotran or MGIO   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling by array of human fetal mesenchymal stem cell labelled with ferucarbotran or MGIO br / Number of assays: 9 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Compound br / Last update: 03-07-2014 br / 
 Human ESC-based modeling of pediatric gliomas by K27M mutation in histone H3.3 variant   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Human ESC-based modeling of pediatric gliomas by K27M mutation in histone H3.3 variant br / Number of assays: 12 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Genotype br / Last update: 25-08-2015 br / 
 Transcription profiling by array of human umbilical vein endothelial cells (HUVEC) stimulated with TNF vs. controls reveals TNF induces distinct expression programs   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling by array of human umbilical vein endothelial cells (HUVEC) stimulated with TNF vs. controls reveals TNF induces distinct expression programs br / Number of assays: 8 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome HG-U133A [HG-U133A] br / Experimental factors: Compound br / Last update: 15-08-2014 br / 
 Gene expression profile of human trabecular meshwork treated with dexamethasone   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Gene expression profile of human trabecular meshwork treated with dexamethasone br / Number of assays: 10 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Compound br / Last update: 29-09-2015 br / 
 phs000771.v1.p1 - Bladder Cancer Clinical Cohorts   dbGaP Study Information:       Type of study: Case-Control   Study design: Case-Control     br / Number of documents: 0   Number of variables: 10   Number of participants: 50   Number of analyses: 0     br / Projects in this study:   National Human Genome Research Institute    Diseases:   Urinary Bladder Neoplasms   Urinary Bladder Neoplasms    Tumor type: germline, tumor.     br / Technology used in this study:   Agilent SureSelect Human All Exon v.2 Kit    Assay types used:   Whole Exome (NGS)   SNV Aggregate (.MAF)       
 phs000478.v1.p1 - Strabismus, CCDD and Other Anomalies   dbGaP Study Information:       Type of study: Probands, Mendelian, Family   Study design: Mendelian     br / Number of documents: 0   Number of variables: 11   Number of participants: 13   Number of analyses: 0     br / Projects in this study:   National Human Genome Research Institute    Diseases:   Strabismus   Facial Paralysis   Blepharoptosis   Strabismus      br / Technology used in this study:   Agilent SureSelect Human All Exon v.2 Kit    Assay types used:   Whole Exome    
 phs000512.v1.p1 - Genetics of High HDL Cholesterol   dbGaP Study Information:       Type of study: Probands, Mendelian, Family   Study design: Mendelian     br / Number of documents: 0   Number of variables: 10   Number of participants: 97   Number of analyses: 0     br / Projects in this study:   National Human Genome Research Institute    Diseases:   Lipoproteins, HDL   Hyperlipidemias   Hypoalphalipoproteinemias   Lipoproteins, HDL      br / Technology used in this study:   Agilent SureSelect Human All Exon v.2 Kit    Assay types used:   Whole Exome    
 phs000492.v1.p1 - Genetics of Human Developmental Brain Disorders   dbGaP Study Information:       Type of study: Probands, Mendelian, Family   Study design: Mendelian     br / Number of documents: 0   Number of variables: 10   Number of participants: 58   Number of analyses: 0     br / Projects in this study:   National Human Genome Research Institute    Diseases:   Microcephaly   Malformations of Cortical Development   Perisylvian Syndrome   Pachygyria, frontotemporal   Bilateral periventricular nodular heterotopia   Cobblestone lissencephaly   Cerebellar Ataxia   Agenesis of corpus callosum   Myoclonic Epilepsies, Progressive   Intellectual disability   Nervous System Malformation   Thakker-Donnai syndrome   Brain Diseases      br / Technology used in this study:   Agilent SureSelect Human All Exon v.2 Kit    Assay types used:   Whole Exome    
 phs001007.v1.p1 - The Genetic Landscape of Metastasis and Recurrence in HNSCC   dbGaP Study Information:       Type of study: Case Set   Study design: Case Set     br / Number of documents: 0   Number of variables: 26   Number of participants: 23   Number of analyses: 0     br / Projects in this study:   National Cancer Institute    Diseases:   Carcinoma, squamous cell of head and neck   Carcinoma, squamous cell of head and neck    Tumor type: germline, tumor.     br / Technology used in this study:   Roche NimbleGen SeqCap EZ Human Exome Library v2.0    Assay types used:   Whole Exome    
 phs000497.v3.p2 - Genetic Analysis of Hirschsprung Disease   dbGaP Study Information:       Type of study: Probands, Mendelian, Family   Study design: Mendelian     br / Number of documents: 0   Number of variables: 10   Number of participants: 416   Number of analyses: 0     br / Projects in this study:   National Human Genome Research Institute    Diseases:   Disease, Hirschsprung   Megacolon, Congenital   Hirschsprung's Disease   Disease, Hirschsprung's   Hirschsprungs Disease   Congenital Megacolon   Aganglionosis, Colonic   Colonic Aganglionosis   Disease, Hirschsprung      br / Technology used in this study:   Agilent SureSelect Human All Exon v.2 Kit    Assay types used:   Whole Exome (NGS)   SNP Genotypes (NGS)       
 phs001251.v1.p1 - Family-Based Study on Ulcerative Colitis With Whole Exome Sequencing   dbGaP Study Information:       Type of study: Family   Study design: Family/Twin/Trios     br / Number of documents: 0   Number of variables: 18   Number of participants: 4   Number of analyses: 0     br / Projects in this study:   National Human Genome Research Institute    Diseases:   Colitis, Ulcerative   Colitis, Ulcerative      br / Technology used in this study:   Illumina HiSeq 2000   Agilent SureSelect Human All Exon V5+UTR       Assay types used:   Whole Exome    
 phs001103.v1.p2 - NINDS-Exome Sequencing in Parkinson's Disease   dbGaP Study Information:       Type of study: Case Set, Longitudinal Cohort   Study design: Case Set     br / Number of documents: 0   Number of variables: 11   Number of participants: 618   Number of analyses: 0     br / Projects in this study:   National Institute of Neurological Disorders and Stroke    Diseases:   Parkinson Disease   Parkinson Disease      br / Technology used in this study:   Illumina TruSeq   Roche NimbleGen SeqCap EZ Human Exome Library v1.0   Roche NimbleGen SeqCap EZ Human Exome Library v2.0       Assay types used:   SNP/CNV Genotypes (NGS)   Whole Exome (NGS)       
 phs000909.v1.p1 - Neuroendocrine Prostate Cancer (Trento/Cornell/Broad 2015)   dbGaP Study Information:       Type of study: Cohort   Study design: Prospective Longitudinal Cohort     br / Number of documents: 0   Number of variables: 14   Number of participants: 94   Number of analyses: 0     br / Projects in this study:   National Human Genome Research Institute    Diseases:   Adenocarcinoma   Prostatic Neoplasms   Neuroendocrine tumors   Adenocarcinoma    Tumor type: germline, tumor.     br / Technology used in this study:   Agilent SureSelect Human All Exon v.2 Kit   Agilent SureSelect Human All Exon v4 - 51Mb   Agilent Haloplex Exome Kit       Assay types used:   Methylome sequencing   RNA Seq (NGS)   Whole Exome (NGS)       
 E-GEOD-20525 - Molecular signature of mineralocorticoid signalling in cardiomyocytes Gene expression analysis of hearts from double transgenic mice with conditional, cardiomyocyte-specific, overexpression of the mineralocorticoid (MR) or of the glucocorticoid receptor (GR). GR-mice vs controls, MR-mice vs controls.     GR: 3 sample pools hybridized to 2 microarrays each.     MR: 1 sample pool hybridized to 3 microarrays.     Microarray contains triplicate spots.
 E-MEXP-409 - Transcription profiling of expressed human chromosome 21 genes in transchromosomic mouse embryos carrying a freely segregating copy of Hsa21 Detection of expressed human chromosome 21 genes in transchromosomic mouse embryos carrying a freely segregating copy of Hsa21.
 E-GEOD-37187 - Estradiol modulates gene expression in the monkey iliac artery Objective:  To examine the effect of estradiol on gene expression in the monkey iliac arteries.     Design:  Eight ovariectomized cynomolgus monkeys were on a high fat diet for 6.5 years.      The left iliac artery was biopsied before randomization to estradiol (1 mg Estrace® per day, n=4) or vehicle (n=4) for 8 months.      The right iliac artery was obtained at necropsy.      Gene expression in the iliac arteries in response to estradiol was determined by DNA microarray and confirmed by real time RT-PCR. Results:  Atherosclerotic lesions in the iliac arteries ranged in size from 0-0.61 mm2 in estrogen-treated animals and from of 0-0.873 mm2 in controls.      106 genes were shown to be down-regulated and 26 genes were up-regulated in the monkey iliac arteries in response to estradiol.      Among the genes shown to be up-regulated by DNA microarray and confirmed by real time RT-PCR were components of the insulin-like growth factor (IGF) pathway, IGF-1, IGF binding protein 4 (IGFBP4) and IGFBP5.  Components of the Wnt signaling pathway were also up-regulated, including secreted frizzled-related protein 2 (SFRP2), SFRP4, low density lipoprotein receptor-related protein 6 (LRP6), and Wnt 1 inducible signaling pathway protein 2 (WISP2). Conclusions:   The modest effect of estradiol on gene expression in monkey iliac arteries reported herein may reflect a reduction in response to estradiol as a result of the effect of the altered environment of the artery containing atherosclerotic plaque.     Experiment Design: Goal of the experiment:  To examine differential gene expression in the iliac arteries of ovariectomized cynomolgous monkeys on a high fat diet in response to treatment with estradiol.      Brief description of the experiment: Objective:  To examine the effect of estradiol on gene expression in the monkey iliac arteries.     Design:  Four ovariectomized cynomolgous monkeys were on a high fat diet for 6.5 years.      The left iliac artery was biopsied before randomization to estradiol (1 mg Estrace® per day, n=4) for 8 months.      The right iliac artery was obtained at necropsy after treatment.      Gene expression in response to estradiol was determined by CodeLink Whole Human (Applied Microarrays, Tempe, AZ) DNA microarray and confirmed by real time RT-PCR. Results:  Atherosclerotic lesions in the iliac arteries ranged in size from 0-0.61 mm2 (mean 0.34 ± 0.13 mm2) in pretreatment arteries and 0-1.411 (mean 0.789 ± 0.31mm2) in post-estrogen treated arteries.      106 genes were shown to be down-regulated and 26 genes were up-regulated in the monkey iliac arteries in response to estradiol.      Among the genes shown to be up-regulated by DNA microarray and confirmed by real time RT-PCR were components of the insulin-like growth factor (IGF) pathway, IGF-1, IGF binding protein 4 (IGFBP4) and IGFBP5.  Components of the Wnt signaling pathway were also up-regulated, including secreted frizzled-related protein 2 (SFRP2), SFRP4, low density lipoprotein receptor-related protein 6 (LRP6), and Wnt 1 inducible signaling pathway protein 2 (WISP2). Conclusions:   The modest effect of estradiol on gene expression in monkey iliac arteries reported herein may reflect a reduction in response to estradiol as a result of the effect of the altered environment of the artery containing atherosclerotic plaque.      Keywords:  nonhuman primate, hormone replacement  Experimental factors:  hormone treatment  Experimental design:  Female cynomolgous monkeys (n=4) had been ovariectomized for 4 years and on a high fat diet for 6.5 years.     The left iliac artery was removed at surgical biopsy.      Animals were treated with estradiol for 8 months, then necropsied.      The right iliac artery was obtained at necropsy.      The presence and size of atherosclerotic plaque was quantified in the iliac arteries.      Arterial tissue from the iliac arteries was used for DNA microarray analysis of gene expression.      Quality control steps:  The cRNA that was synthesized from each iliac artery was used for hybridization to a single CodeLink (Applied Microarrays, Tempe, AZ) whole human microarray.      Only one sample was hybridized with each slide and only one dye (Alexa 647) was used so no dye swaps were necessary.      Bacterial control spikes were used as per manufacturer's instructions.      Samples used, extract preparation and labeling: The origin of each biological sample:  The samples were iliac arterial tissue from cynomolgous monkeys.      Manipulations of biological samples and protocols used:  Cynomolgous monkeys were placed on a high fat diet 6.5 years before the experiment and ovariectomized 4 years prior to the experiment to induce a surgical menopause.      The left iliac artery was surgically removed from each animal in the study before treatment with estradiol, the the right iliac artery was removed after the treatment period at necropsy.      The presence and size of atherosclerotic plaque was quantified in the iliac arteries  Experimental factor:  hormone treatment  Technical protocols:  The iliac arteries were homogenized in TRI reagent, bromochloropropane and sodium acetate were added, and the samples were centrifuged to separate the phases.      The RNA-containing layer was removed and the RNA purified on an RNeasy extraction column (Qiagen).  The sample was treated with an on-column DNase treatment (RNase-free DNase, Qiagen).  The purity and quantity of RNA were evaluated by an Agilent Bioanalyzer using the RNA 6000 Nanoassay LabChip.      Labeled cRNA was prepared using the MessageAmp II-Biotin enhanced kit (Ambion).  0.275 microgram of total iliac artery RNA was mixed with bacterial control RNA spikes and primed with T7 oligo(dT) primer for 10 min at 70C.  (The bacterial control spikes included araB, entF, fixB, gnd, hisB, and leuB.)  The first strand of cDNA was synthesized with first strand buffer, dNTP mix, RNase inhibitor, and reverse transcriptase for 2 h at 42C.  The second strand cDNA synthesis reaction was prepared using second strand buffer, dNTP mix, DNA polymerase mix, and RNase H; the reaction was carried out for 2h at 16C.  The double-stranded cDNA was purified on QIAquick columns (Qiagen) and the eluent was dried down in a SpeedVac concentrator.      The double-stranded cDNA was resuspended in a mixture containing T7 reaction buffer, T7 ATP, T7 GTP, T7 UTP, T7 CTP, biotin-11-UTP, and T7 enzyme mix for the synthesis of cRNA.  The cRNA synthesis reaction was terminated after 14h at 37C by purifying the cRNA on RNeasy columns (Qiagen).  The concentration of cRNA was determined by spectrophotometry.      Hybridization procedures and parameters:  10 micrograms of cRNA was mixed with fragmentation buffer and heated to 94C for 20 min.      The fragmented cRNA was mixed with CodeLink hybridization buffer, loaded on the microarray slides, and hybridized for 18 hours at 37C. The slides were washed in 0.75x TNT (Tris-HCl, NaCl, Tween-20) at 46C for 1h then incubated with streptavidin-Alexa 647 fluorescent dye for 30 min at room temperature.      The Alexa fluor was prepared in TNB blocking buffer (0.1M Tris-HCl, 0.15M NaCL, 0.5% NEN Blocking Reagent-PerkinElmer)  The slides were then washed 4 times for 5 min each in 1x TNT and twice in 0.05% Tween 20 for 5 sec each.      The slides were dried by centrifugation and scanned in an Axon GenePix 4000B scanner.
 E-MTAB-1212 - Transcription profiling by array of human HeLa cells after siRNA mediated knockdown of PPARbeta/delta or HSP27 under IL1b stimulation HeLa cells were depeleted for PPARbeta/delta or HSP27 and treated with IL1b
 E-MTAB-1262 - Transcription profiling by array of human MDA-MB-231-luc2 cells treated with PPARd-specific agnost GW501516 vs untreated controls MDA-MB-231-luc2 cells were treated with the PPARd specific agonist GW501516 and the resulting expression changes profiled.
 Quiescent systemic lupus erythematosus: peripheral blood B cells Analysis of B cells sorted from the peripheral blood of patients with quiescent lupus (inactive   6 months). B cell activation and production of a wide variety of autoantibodies appear central to lupus development. Results provide insight into molecular mechanisms underlying systemic lupus.
 WHO 2008-classified acute myeloid leukemia subgroups (Analysis II): bone marrow mononuclear cells Analysis of BMMCs from untreated patients with AML-MRC (AML with myelodysplasia-related changes) and from the combined group AML-NOS plus AML-MLD-sole on the basis of cytogenetics or a myelodysplastic syndrome (MDS) history. Results provide insight into the relevance of MLD for AML classification.
 Imatinib treatment of chronic myeloid leukemia cell lines: KU-812, KCL-22 and JURL-MK1 Analysis of CML cell lines (KU-812, KCL-22, and JURL-MK1) treated with tyrosine kinase inhibitor imatinib. Imatinib inhibits oncogenic BCR-ABL1, a tyrosine kinase present in most CML patients. Results provide insight into molecular mechanisms underlying imatinib inhibition of CML.
 Imatinib effect on Philadelphia chromosome positive acute lymphoblastic leukemia cells Analysis of Ph+ ALL cell lines (BV-173, NALM-1, SUP-B15, and TOM1) treated with tyrosine kinase inhibitor (TKI) imatinib. Ph encodes oncogenic BCR-ABL1 tyrosine kinase, which defines a subset of ALL with an unfavorable prognosis. Results provide insight into TKI resistance mechanisms in Ph+ ALL.
 Effect of protease-resistant (PML-RAR)α on U937 cell line Analysis of U937 cells transfected with GFP-(PML-RAR)α (PR) or GFP-PR2VR (cleavage-resistant mutant) and GFP-sorted at 6 and 9 hrs. Neutrophil elastase (NE) cleaves PR, the fusion protein that initiates acute promyelocytic leukemia. Results provide insight into leukemogenicity of NE-resistant PR.
 Recombinant Interferon α effect on natural killer cells in vitro Analysis of natural killer (NK) cells sorted from healthy donor peripheral blood mononuclear cells (PBMCs) stimulated for 6h in media containing 1 or 100 ng/ml recombinant interferon (IFN)-alpha-2b. Results provide insight into the effects of type I IFNs on NK cells.
 Nonhuman primate model of Lassa fever: liver Temporal analysis of liver from macaques infected with virulent lymphocytic choriomeningitis virus (LCMV)-WE or with non-virulent LCMV-Armstrong. LCMV-WE-infected macaques develop viral hemorrhagic fever similar to human Lassa fever. Results provide insight into molecular basis of LCMV pathogenesis.
 PPAR-γ agonist pioglitazone effect on obese women with polycystic ovary syndrome: skeletal muscle Analysis of skeletal muscle from obese women with polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) before and after thiazolidinedione (TZD) pioglitazone treatment. TZDs improve metabolic disturbances in PCOS patients. Results provide insight into the molecular mechanisms underlying the effect of TZD in PCOS.
 Primary chronic lymphocytic leukemia cell response to purine nucleoside analog LMP-420 Analysis of chronic lymphocytic leukemia (CLL) patient cells cultured with LMP-420 (2 uM) for 24 hr. LMP-420 is an anti-inflammatory agent that induces CLL cell apoptosis in vitro without impairing normal immune cells. Results provide insight into the mechanism of action of LMP-420 in CLL.
 Lysophosphatidic acid effect on RhoA GEF Exchange Factor NET1-deficient, AGS gastric adenocarcinoma cells Analysis of AGS gastric cancer (GC) cells depleted of NET1, a guanine exchange factor (GEF) for RhoA, and treated with lysophosphatidic acid, a RhoA activator. NET1 is up-regulated in GC and drives its aggressive phenotype. Results provide insight into the role of NET1 in GC.
 Childhood cerebral adrenoleukodystrophy patient-specific iPSC model Analysis of induced pluripotent stem cells (iPSC) derived from childhood cerebral adrenoleukodystrophy (CCALD) patient dermal fibroblasts. Inflammatory brain demyelination is observed in CCALD patients. Results provide insight into molecular mechanisms underlying CCALD pathogenesis.
 Severe asthma: circulating CD4+ and CD8+ T-cells Analysis of circulating CD4+ and CD8+ T-cells from adult patients with severe or nonsevere asthma. CD4+ T cells contribute to the development and maintenance of an inflammatory response in asthmatic patients. Results provide insight into the role of CD8+ T cells in severe asthma.
 Pediatric glioblastoma brain tumors: histone H3.3 mutations Analysis of pediatric glioblastoma (GBM) tumors with mutations in H3F3A gene. Mutation of key residues in histone H3.3 are specific to GBM and highly prevalent in children and young adults. Results indicate that defects in chromatin architecture underlie pediatric GBM pathogenesis.
 Glioblastoma multiforme and oligodendroglial glioma: neurospheres Analysis of primary neurosphere cultures of glioblastoma (GBM) or oligodendroglial (ODG) tumors from 6 patients. Patient-derived glioma-propagating cells (GPC) contain karyotypic and gene expression profiles that are found in the primary tumor.
 Glioblastoma brain tumors Analysis of glioblastoma (GBM) tumors from different regions of the brain from patients of various ages. Mutations in H3F3A and IDH1 define distinct epigenetic and biological subgroups of GBM. Results provide insight into heterogeneity of GBM and oncogenic pathways leading to gliomagenesis.
 CD34+derived erythoblast co-culture with Plasmodium falciparum 3D7 (GenePattern analysis) Analysis of growth factor-mobilized, CD34+ hematopoietic stem cells in vitro differentiated to day 10 (polychromatophilic stage) or day 14 (orthochromatic stage) then infected with P. falciparum for 24 hr. Results provide insight into host erythroblast cell response to infection by P. falciparum.
 Stage I endometrial cancer: microdissected frozen uterine tumors Analysis of stage I endometrial cancers (representing endometrioid and papillary serous histologic subtypes) with a heterogeneous distribution of grade and stage/depth of myometrial invasion. Results provide insight into molecular mechanisms underlying early endometrial cancer histological types.
 Mixed lineage leukemia gene rearrangements in acute myeloid leukemia: bone marrow mononuclear cells Analysis of bone marrow cells from AML cases representing MLL chromosomal translocation (tMLL) or partial tandem duplication (MLL-PTD). Rearrangements of MLL at chromosome 11q23 are commonly involved in acute leukemia. Results provide insight into molecular heterogeneity between MLL-PTD and tMLL.
 Cerebral Palsy: skeletal muscle biopsies Analysis of gracilis and semitendinosus muscle biopsies from pediatric cerebral palsy (CP) patients. Muscles from CP patients are spastic and form contractures limiting range of motion and joint function. Results provide insight into molecular basis of skeletal muscle response to CP.
 E-cadherin/CDH1 intron2 protein isoform overexpression in Mkn28 gastric tubular adenocarcinoma cell line Analysis of MKN28 cell line (E-cadherin positive) overexpressing E-cadherin isoform CDH1a. CDH1a overexpression promotes mild MKN28 aggregation and increases invasion. Results provide insight into role of CDH1a as a negative modulator of canonical E-cadherin function in cancer cells.
 Quadriceps muscle from cancer patients before and after surgery: sequential biopsies Analysis of paired muscle biopsies (i.e., pre-resection baseline and 8 month post-resection follow-up, disease-free/weight-stable for previous 2 months) from upper gastrointestinal cancer patients. Results provide insight into molecular mechanisms underlying cancer-associated muscle wasting.
 Monocyte-derived dendritic cells co-infected with HIV-GFP(G) and SIV-VLP(G) Analysis of MDDCs exposed to GFP-encoding HIV-1 pseudotyped with vesicular stomatitis virus protein G (VSV-G) [HIV-GFP(G)], VSV-G-pseudotyped SIVmac239 virus-like particles [SIV-VLP(G)], or both. Results provide insight into molecular mechanisms udnerlying DC activation after HIV-1 infection.
 ENCSR000AXF -    H9 Sample   Sample Information:     br /  br / Sample ID: EFO:0003045   br / Details: H9 sample from   .   br / Analysis Platform: Human 2.1M Whole-Genome CGH Tiling Array v2.0   br / Submitting Lab: David Gilbert, FSU   br / Released: 2012-04-18   br / Sample Type: Stem Cell   br /    br / Author Description:   br / FSU Human H9ES RepliChip   br /  br / 
 Arsenite and p53 effect on G2 synchronized fibroblasts Analysis of p53-expressing or p53-deficient fibroblasts exposed to arsenite (As) after release from G2 phase synchrony. p53 is activated in response to mitotic disruption by arsenic. Results provide insight into the role of p53 in the As-induced disruption of G2/M phase progression.
 Vanadium pentoxide effect on lung fibroblasts: time course Analysis of lung fibroblasts for up to 24 hours following exposure to vanadium pentoxide (V2O5). Exposure to V2O5 is a cause of occupational bronchitis. Results provide insight into the molecular mechanisms that contribute to airway remodeling associated with V2O5-induced bronchitis.
 Brain regions of humans and chimpanzees Comparison of various human and chimpanzee brain regions. Results provide insight into the genetic basis of human specializations in brain organization and cognition.
 miR-124 overexpression: time course Analysis of HepG2 cells overexpressing miR-124 for up to 120 hours. Results combined with a computational method for predicting miRNA targets to identify targets of miR-124.
 Sequestosome 1 and dipeptidylpeptidase III overexpression effect on neuroblastoma cell line Analysis of IMR-32 neuroblastoma cells overexpressing sequestosome 1 (SQSTM1) or dipeptidylpeptidase III (DPP3). SQSTM1 and DPP3 activate the antioxidant response element (ARE). Results provide insight into mechanisms regulating the activation of the ARE.
 Ovarian cancer tumors after neo-adjuvant chemotherapy Analysis of malignant ovarian cancer tumors from patients receiving neo-adjuvant chemotherapy. Ovarian adenomas and untreated ovarian carcinomas also examined.  Results used to define gene expression signatures associated with clinical responses to chemotherapy.
 Lymphoblastoid cell lines from monozygotic twin pairs discordant for bipolar disorder Analysis of lymphoblastoid cell lines derived from 3 monozygotic twin pairs discordant for bipolar disorder. Results provide insight into the molecular pathogenesis of bipolar disorder.
 Cerebellar cortex in schizophrenia Analysis of cortical samples corresponding to the crus I/VIIa area of the cerebellum from schizophrenia patients. A study indicates that targets of the RNA-binding ELAV-like protein HuD are overexpressed in the prefrontal cortex of patients with schizophrenia.
 Bronchial epithelial cell response to respiratory syncytial virus infection: time course Expression profiling of bronchial epithelial cells at 4 and 24 hours following treatment with respiratory syncytial virus (RSV) at 1.0 MOI. RSV is the most common cause of bronchiolitis and pneumonia among infants.
 Jun kinase inhibition effect on keratinocytes: time course Analysis of keratinocytes at various time points up to 48 hours following treatment with the Jun kinase (JNK) inhibitor SP600125. SP600125 is a reversible ATP-competitive inhibitor specific for the three isoforms of JNK. Results identify JNK-regulated genes in epidermal keratinocytes.
 Foreskin fibroblast response to Toxoplasma gondii RH type 1 (ROP5) mutant infection Analysis of foreskin fibroblasts infected with Toxoplasma gondii strains wildtype RHΔku80 or ROP5-deficient mutant RHΔku80Δrop5. The normally virulent parasite is rendered avirulent when lacking ROP5 pseudokinase. Results provide insight into the mechanism of action of ROP5.
 Ischemic stroke: peripheral blood mononuclear cells Analysis of PBMCs collected from ischemic stroke (IS) patients at least 6 months after the first and only stroke event. Stroke is a complex disease resulting from the interplay of environmental and genetic factors. Results provide insight into the molecular mechanisms underlying IS etiology.
 Colorectal cancer: laser microdissected tumor tissues Analysis of LCM-isolated colorectal cancer (CRC) tumors representing various stages and metastases. Results provide insight into predictive biomarkers of metastasis and treatment targets in CRC.
 Neuroblastoma SKNAS induced cancer stem cells Analysis of phenotypically stabilized stem cell-like NB cells (iCSCs) established from SKNAS NB cells by DNA methylation inhibitor 5-aza-2’-deoxycytidine (5AdC) treatment followed by sphere-forming culture conditions. Results provide insight into the molecular characteristics of SKNAS iCSCs.
 WTX overexpression effect on kidney cell line Analysis of HEK293 embryonic kidney cells overexpressing WTX, a tumor suppressor frequently inactivated in Wilms tumor. Ectopic expression of WTX in HEK293 cells activates p53 through lysine acetylation. Results provide insight into a role for WTX in the regulation of p53 activity.
 Hepatocyte nuclear factor 4 alpha depletion effect on hepatocellular carcinoma cell line Analysis of HepG2 hepatocellular carcinoma cells depleted for HNF4alpha, a member of the nuclear receptor superfamily. HNF4alpha is essential for liver function and is linked to several diseases such as diabetes and hepatitis. Results provide insight into identification of HNF4alpha target genes.
 Small cell lung cancers Analysis of 23 clinical small cell lung cancer (SCLC) samples from patients undergoing pulmonary resection and 42 normal tissue samples including the lung. SCLC is a lung cancer subtype with poor prognosis. Results provide insight into the molecular mechanisms underlying SCLC.
 Children with complex seizures induced by iInfluenza A (H1N1)pdm09 or rotavirus gastroenteritis: peripheral whole blood Analysis of whole blood from pediatric seizure patients with H1N1 or rotavirus infections during acute and recovery phases. Results provide insight into molecular mechanisms underlying pathogenic differences in the complex seizures induced by influenza A(H1N1)pdm09 or rotavirus gastroenteritis.
 Prostate cancer Analysis of malignant and benign prostate tissues. Results provide insight into a gene expression signature for prostate cancer.
 Skeletal muscle initial response to concentric resistance exercise training: time course Analysis of vastus lateralis biopsies taken at the outset (day 1, 2 and 4) of concentric resistance exercise (RE) training in RE naive individuals. Results provide insight into molecular mechanisms underlying the initial transient response of skeletal muscle to concentric RE.
 Inflammatory breast cancer cell line response to TIG1 depletion Analysis of SUM149 inflammatory breast cancer (IBC) cells depleted for TIG1. TIG1 depletion decreased IBC cell proliferation, migration, and invasion in vitro and inhibited tumor growth of IBC cells in vivo. Results provide insight into the role of TIG1 in the pathogenesis and progression of IBC.
 Myelodysplastic syndromes: CD34+ cells Analysis of CD34+ cells from 55 patients with myelodysplastic syndromes (MDSs). MDSs are a heterogeneous group of hematopoietic malignancies, characterized by blood cytopenias, ineffective hematopoiesis, and a hypercellular bone marrow. Results provide insight into the pathophysiology of MDS.
 Myeloid leukemia cell lines Comparison of myeloid leukemia cells to normal monocytes. Transcriptional status of each gene compared to its CpG methylation state. The methylation of CpG islands is associated with transcriptional repression and, in cancer, leads to the abnormal silencing of tumor suppressor genes.
 Hair follicles from males and females Analysis of unstaged hair follicles from males and females. Results provide insight into the feasibility of extracting intact RNA, from a small number of hair follicles, in sufficient quantities for expression profiling.
 Chronic phase chronic myelogenous leukemia: CD34+ hematopoietic stem and progenitor cells Analysis of CD34+ hematopoietic stem and progenitor cells from the bone marrow of untreated patients with chronic myelogenous leukemia (CML) in first chronic phase. Results provide insight into the pathogenesis of chronic phase CML.
 Transcriptional regulators Bmi-1 and Mel-18 depletion effect on medulloblastoma cell line Analysis of DAOY medulloblastoma cells following RNAi knockdown of Bmi-1, Mel-18, or both. Bmi-1 and Mel-18 belong to the Polycomb group (PcG) of transcriptional regulators. Results provide insight into the role of Bmi-1 and Mel-18 in the pathogenesis of medulloblastoma.
 Peripheral blood-derived monocytes response to lipopolysaccharide: time course Analysis of peripheral blood-derived monocytes at various time points up to 24 hours following treatment with lipopolysaccharide. Results compared with those obtained from Massively Parallel Signature Sequencing.
 Large airway epithelium response to cigarette smoking (HG-U133 2.0) Analysis of large airway epithelial cells of phenotypically normal smokers. Lung cancer tumors exhibit neuroendocrine properties, and chronic smokers have increased numbers of neuroendocrine cells. Results provide insight into the effect of cigarette smoking on neuroendocrine cells.
 Inflammatory acne Analysis of inflammatory papules and normal skin from six patients with acne. Results provide insight into the molecular pathogenesis of acne.
 Ovarian endometriosis Comparison of endometriosis lesions to normal endometrial tissues obtained from the same patient at the same time. Results provide insight into the pathogenesis of endometriosis.
 T-cell acute lymphoblastic leukemia cell line response to Notch receptor inhibition Analysis of T-cell acute lymphoblast leukemia (T-ALL) MOLT4 cells following gamma-secretase inhibitor (GSI) DAPT treatment. Gamma-secretase activity is required for Notch 1 receptor signaling. Results provide insight into the role of Notch signaling in T-ALL development.
 Non-diseased lung tissue Analysis of non-diseased lungs from 23 multi-organ donors.  Upper and lower lobe peripheral sections of the lung were examined. Donors varied in age, sex, smoking history, and ethnicity. Results provide a reference for microarray studies of pulmonary disease.
 Tamoxifen effect on normal endometrial epithelium Analysis of normal endometrial epithelial cells following treatment with oestrogen or tamoxifen (TMX).  Results provide insight into the molecular basis of the association of TMX treatment of breast cancer with an increased incidence of endometrial cancer.
 Dendritic cell response to TGF-beta1: time course Analysis of dendritic cells (DCs) at various time points up to 36 hours following treatment with TGF-beta1. DCs derived from CD34+ hematopoietic progenitor cells induced to differentiate in vitro. Results provide insight into the role of TGF-beta1 in DC development.
 Allergic contact dermatitis: time course Analysis of skin biopsies from nickel-allergic patients whose skins were exposed to nickel, a sensitizing hapten, for up to 96 hours to elicit allergic contact dermatitis (ACD). Results provide insight into molecular mechanisms underlying the pathogenesis of ACD.
 Vitamin D effect on intestinal epithelial cells Analysis of intestinal epithelial Caco-2 cells following treatment with 1,25-dihydroxyvitamin D3 for 24 hours. 1,25-dihydroxyvitamin D3 stimulated calcium absorption in the intestine. Results provide insight into the additional effects of vitamin D on intestinal epithelial cells.
 phs000823.v1.p1 - Discovery of Novel Melanoma Predisposing Mutations by Exome Sequencing   dbGaP Study Information:       Type of study: Case Set   Study design: Case Set     br / Number of documents: 0   Number of variables: 12   Number of participants: 387   Number of analyses: 0     br / Projects in this study:   National Human Genome Research Institute    Diseases:   Melanoma   Melanoma      br / Technology used in this study:   Agilent SureSelect Human All Exon v.2 Kit    Assay types used:   Whole Exome (NGS)   SNP Genotypes (NGS)       
 phs000824.v1.p1 - Genome-Wide Discovery of Novel Colon Cancer Predisposing Mutations   dbGaP Study Information:       Type of study: Case Set   Study design: Case Set     br / Number of documents: 0   Number of variables: 12   Number of participants: 100   Number of analyses: 0     br / Projects in this study:   National Human Genome Research Institute    Diseases:   Colorectal Neoplasms   Colorectal Neoplasms      br / Technology used in this study:   Agilent SureSelect Human All Exon v.2 Kit    Assay types used:   Whole Exome (NGS)   SNP Genotypes (NGS)       
 phs000486.v1.p1 - Integration of Genomics and Transcriptomics in Unselected Twins and in Major Depression   dbGaP Study Information:       Type of study: Cohort   Study design: Prospective Longitudinal Cohort     br / Number of documents: 0   Number of variables: 44   Number of participants: 5339   Number of analyses: 0     br / Projects in this study:   National Institute of Mental Health    Diseases:   Depressive Disorder, Major   Depressive Disorder, Major      br / Technology used in this study:   Affymetrix AFFY\ 6.0   Affymetrix Human Genome U219 Array       Assay types used:   SNP Genotypes (Array)   mRNA Expression (Array)       
 phs000484.v1.p1 - Molecular Genetic Analysis of Inherited Kidney Dysfunction   dbGaP Study Information:       Type of study: Probands, Mendelian, Family   Study design: Mendelian     br / Number of documents: 0   Number of variables: 10   Number of participants: 7   Number of analyses: 0     br / Projects in this study:   National Human Genome Research Institute    Diseases:   Glomerulosclerosis, Focal Segmental   Nephrotic Syndrome   Glomerulosclerosis, Focal Segmental      br / Technology used in this study:   Agilent SureSelect Human All Exon v.2 Kit    Assay types used:   Whole Exome    
 phs000878.v1.p1 - Transdisciplinary Research Into Cancer of the Lung (TRICL) - Exome Plus Targeted Sequencing   dbGaP Study Information:       Type of study: Case-Control   Study design: Case-Control     br / Number of documents: 0   Number of variables: 14   Number of participants: 1942   Number of analyses: 0     br / Projects in this study:   National Cancer Institute    Diseases:   Lung Neoplasms   Adenocarcinoma   Neoplasms, Squamous Cell   Lung Neoplasms    Tumor type: germline, unspecified.     br / Technology used in this study:   Agilent SureSelect Human All Exon v.1 Kit    Assay types used:   SNP/CNV Genotypes (NGS)   Whole Exome (NGS)       
 ENCSR000AXE -    H7-hESC Sample   Sample Information:     br /  br / Sample ID: EFO:0005904   br / Details: H7-hESC sample from   .   br / Analysis Platform: Human 2.1M Whole-Genome CGH Tiling Array v2.0   br / Submitting Lab: David Gilbert, FSU   br / Released: 2012-04-18   br / Sample Type: Stem Cell   br /    br / Author Description:   br / FSU Human H7-hESC RepliChip   br /  br / 
 ENCSR000AVZ -    Induced Pluripotent Stem Cell Sample   Sample Information:     br /  br / Sample ID: EFO:0004905   br / Details: Induced Pluripotent Stem Cell sample from   .   br / Analysis Platform: Human 2.1M Whole-Genome CGH Tiling Array v2.0   br / Submitting Lab: David Gilbert, FSU   br / Released: 2012-07-31   br / Sample Type: Induced Pluripotent Stem Cell Line   br /    br / Author Description:   br / Repli-chip on Human iPS HFib2 IPS5   br /  br / 
 E3 ubiquitin ligase PARK2 depletion effect on SF539 glioma cell line Analysis of SF539 glioma cells depleted for PARK2.  PARK2 is an E3 ubiquitin ligase. Results provide insight into the role of PARK2 in the coordinate control of cyclins in cell cycle regulation and tumor suppression.
 Imatinib mesylate effect on EOL-1 eosinophilic leukemia cell line Analysis of EOL-1 cells treated with imatinib mesylate (1uM, 6h). EOL-1 cells carry the platelet derived growth factor receptor α (PDGFRA)/FIP1L1 fusion and exhibit constitutive PDGFRA activation. Results provide insight into the molecular effects of inhibiting PDGFRA signaling by imatinib.
 Pirin depletion effect on myelomonocytic cell line Analysis of U937 myelomonocytic cells depleted for Pirin. Pirin is silenced in cells with the acute myeloid leukemia-1 eight-twenty-one and promyelocytic leukemia/retinoic acid receptor leukemogenic fusion proteins. Results provide insight into the role of Pirin in myeloid differentiation.
 PTPN1 depletion effect on Hodgkin lymphoma derived cell line Analysis of KM-H2 Hodgkin lymphoma derived cells depleted for PTPN1. PTPN1 encodes PTP1B, a non-receptor-type member of the superfamily of protein tyrosine phosphatases. Results provide insight into the role of PTPN1 mutations in lymphomagenesis.
 Beta-catenin depletion effect on pancreatic cancer cell line Analysis of AsPc1 pancreatic adenocarcinoma cells depleted for beta-catenin. Dysregulation of Wnt/β-catenin signaling is implicated in the pathogenesis of cancers. Results compared to those from AsPC1 cells treated with the CREB-binding protein inhibitor ICG-001 (GDS5323).
 IFNβ-1a in vivo treatment effect on CIS multiple sclerosis patients: peripheral blood mononuclear cells Analysis of PBMCs from patients with clinically isolated syndrome suggestive of multiple sclerosis (CIS) after 12 months of IFNβ-1a treatment. All patients exhibited a favorable response to IFN-β-1a treatment. Results provide insight into the role of endogenous IFN-β in the pathogenesis of MS.
 Resistance exercise effect on skeletal muscles of young and old adults Analysis of vastus lateralis muscle biopsy samples from young (about 24 years old) and old (about 84 years old) adults before and after 12 weeks of progressive resistance training. Results provide insight into the molecular adaptation of the young and old skeletal muscle to resistance training.
 Oral ruxolinitib effect on alopecia areata patients: scalp skin Analysis of scalp skin from two alopecia areata (AA) patients treated with oral ruxolitinib for 12 weeks. AA is a T-cell mediated autoimmune disease. Ruxolitinib is a small-molecule inhibitor of the JAK1/2 kinases. Results provide insight into molecular mechanisms underlying the pathogenesis of AA.
 Age effect on normal adult brain: frontal cortical region Analysis of postmortem neuropathologically normal brain samples from the frontal cortical regions of young, middle aged, normal aged and extremely aged adults. Results provide insight into molecular mechanisms of aging in frontal cortical regions of the brain.
 miR-28 expression effect on Burkitt lymphoma cell line: time course Analysis of P3HR1 Burkitt lymphoma (BL) cells expressing miR-28 for 12 and 24 hours. BL is a highly aggressive B-cell non-Hodgkin lymphoma. miR-28 is downregulated in BL. Results provide insight into the role of miR-28 in the pathogenesis of BL.
 Anti-TB chemotherapy effect on peripheral blood mononuclear cells from active tuberculosis patients: time course Analysis of PBMCs from patients with active pulmonary tuberculosis (PTB) up to 6 months after initiation of anti-tuberculosis chemotherapy treatment. Results provide insight into the molecular mechanisms associated with PTB.
 Autosomal dominant monocytopenia: polymorphonuclear leukocytes (STAT60) Analysis of polymorphonuclear cells from patients affected with autosomal dominant monocytopenia characterized by mycobacterial, fungal, and viral infections, and frequently myelodysplasia. RNA extracted using STAT60. Results provide insight into molecular mechanisms underlying this syndrome.
 Indolent B-cell lymphoma and very early chronic lymphocytic leukemia: peripheral blood CD4+ Tcells Analysis of in vitro-stimulated CD4+ Tcells from patients with indolent B-cell malignancies (follicular lymphoma, extranodal marginal zone lymphoma) and chronic lymphocytic leukemia. Results provide insight into molecular basis of lymphoma-associated aberrant stimulation response of T helper cells.
 StemRegenin 1 effect on hematopoietic stem cells: dose response Analysis of hematopoietic stem cells (HSC) treated with StemRegenin 1 (SR1) and LGC006 (a less potent SR1 analog) at 30nM to 1000nM. The use of HSC transplants depends on the ability to expand these cells ex vivo.  Results provide insight into molecular basis of SR1-induced ex vivo HSC expansion.
 Burkitt lymphoma subtypes: lymph-node biopsies Analysis of lymph-node biopsies representing the 3 clinical subsets of Burkitt lymphoma (BL): endemic, sporadic, and immunodeficiency-associated. Each BL subtype affects different populations and can present with different features. Results provide insight into the molecular basis of BL subtypes.
 Estrogen receptor alpha-silenced MCF7 breast cancer cells Analysis of MCF7 breast cancer cells after siRNA-mediated silencing of the estrogen receptor α (ERα). The induced ERα silencing resulted in estrogen/tamoxifen resistant cells (pII). Results provide insight into molecular events underlying the endocrine drug resistant phenotype in breast cancer.
 Gamma-tocotrienol effect on breast cancer MCF-7 cells Analysis of MCF-7 cells treated with gamma-tocotrienol (γ-T3). Tocotrienols (T3s) inhibit the growth of various cancer cell lines without affecting normal cells. Results provide insight into the molecular mechanisms of action of T3s on cell death and other growth inhibitory pathways.
 microRNA-221/222 knockdown effect on fulvestrant-resistant MCF7 breast cancer cells Analysis of fulvestrant-resistant MCF7 cells transfected with antisense miRNA inhibitors targeting miR-221 and miR-222. miR-221/222 knockdown inhibits cell proliferation in fulvestrant-resistant MCF7-F cells. Results provide insight into the role of miR-221/222 in acquired resistance to fulvestrant.
 Organophosphorus compound VX effect on hepatocytes: dose response Analysis of hNHEPS hepatocytes exposed to sublethal concentrations (up to 10μM) of the highly toxic organophosphorus (OP) compound VX (O-ethyl S-[2-(diisopropylamino)ethyl] methylphosphonothiolate). Results provide insight into molecular mechanisms underlying OP-induced hepatotoxicity.
 Normal placentae at first-trimester, second-trimester, and term Analysis of normal placenta of different gestational ages. The placenta plays a critical role in the development of the fetus. Results provide insight into gene expression patterns during normal development of the placenta.
 Adenoid cystic carcinoma xenograft models Analysis of xenograft tumors derived from clinical samples of adenoid cystic carcinomas (ACC) implanted into immunodeficient nu/nu mice within 36 hrs of tissue being removed from the human subjects. Results provide insight into molecular mechanisms underlying the pathology of ACC.
 Trans-retinoic acid and hydrocortisone induction of Na+/I- symporter in MCF-7 breast cancer cells Analysis of MCF7 cells induced to express endogenous Na+/I- symporter (NIS). NIS expression raises potential for radionuclide therapy of breast cancer. However, NIS expression in most breast cancers is low. Results provide insight into mechanisms underlying NIS modulation in breast cancer.
 Estrogen or insulin-like growth factor I stimulated MCF-7 breast cancer cells: time course Analysis of MCF-7 breast cancer cells treated with estradiol (E2) or insulin-like growth factor I (IGF-I) for up to 24 hours. E2 and IGF-I signaling are important for normal mammary development and breast cancer. Results provide insight into the  cross-talk between these pathways.
 Hepatocyte growth factor treatment of prostate cancer DU145 cell line: time course Analysis of DU145 prostate cancer cells treated with hepatocyte growth factor (HGF) for up to 24 hrs. HGF receptor c-MET is specifically expressed in immature prostate cells. Results provide insight into the role of immature cells in prostate cancer by analysis of the HGF/c-MET pathway.
 Androgen deprivation effect on prostate xenograft tumor LuCaP35 NOD/SCID mice with established LuCaP35 xenografts were castrated, and tumors were isolated 4 weeks later. Androgen deprivation regresses androgen-dependent disease, but relapse often occurs in an androgen-independent manner. Results provide insight into the molecular basis of castration resistance.
 Pancreatic Tumor and Normal tissue samples Analysis of tumor tissue and normal tissue in pancreatic cancer samples. The fresh frozen samples were obtained during surgical procedures. Results provide insight into molecular mechanisms underlying tumorigenesis.
 Anastrozole/Fulvestrant/Gefitinib neoadjuvant therapy of estrogen receptor positive breast cancer patients: tumor core biopsies Analysis of pre and post (3 wk) tumor core biopsies of postmenopausal women with ER+, HER2- breast cancer (BC) in neoadjuvant trial of anastrozole and fulvestrant with/without gefitinib. Results provide insight into mechanisms of resistance and inhibition of hormone receptors targeted in BC therapy.
 Hepatocellular carcinoma: peripheral blood mononuclear cells Analysis of peripheral blood mononuclear cells from hepatocellular carcinoma (HCC), pancreatic carcinoma, and gastric carcinoma patients. Results provide insight into a blood-based gene signature for detection of early-stage HCC.
 Treatment-naive, chronic hepatitis C virus-infected patients: CD4+ and CD8+ T-lymphocytes Analysis of antigen-specific CD4+ and CD8+ T-cells from treatment-naive, chronic hepatitis C virus (CHC) patients with high or low viral loads. Results provide insight into molecular mechanisms underlying functional impairment differences between CD4+ and CD8+ T-cells  during CHC infection.
 Adenovirus and lentivirus vector effects on midbrain neuroprogenitor cell cultures: time course Temporal analysis of differentiated mNPC cultures transduced with three vectors: Helper-dependent (HD) human (HAd) and canine (CAV-2) adenoviruses and VSV-G-pseudotyped self-inactivating HIV-1 vector (LV). Results provide insight into the toxicogenomic profiles of these viral vectors in mNPCs.
 Airway epithelial cell response to various cigarette smoke condensates Analysis of primary airway epithelial cells treated for 18 hours with cigarette smoke condensates prepared from 5 commercial and 4 research cigarettes, at doses of about 4 ug/ml nicotine. Cigarettes vary in tobacco blend, filter ventilation, additives, and other physical and chemical properties.
 Rheumatoid arthritic synovium response to rituximab Analysis of synovial biopsy samples from anti-TNF resistant rheumatoid arthritis (RA) patients 12 wks after the start of rituximab (RTX) therapy. RTX is a mAb against CD20, expressed on subsets of B cells. Results provide insight into how RTX-induced B cell depletion interferes with RA pathogenesis.
 Obese children: omental adipose tissue Analysis of omental adipose from obese, prepubertal children. Obese children display insulin resistance (IR) and other metabolic abnormalities at higher rates than do normal weight children. Results provide insight into the molecular mechanisms underlying the pathogenesis of childhood obesity.
 Familial hypercholesterolemia and atherosclerosis: T lymphocytes Analysis of T cells from familial hypercholesterolemia (FH) patients. FH patients have a defective or missing LDLR resulting in atherosclerosis. In response to initial events of atherosclerosis, T cells interact with vessel wall. Results provide insight into the role of T cells in atherosclerosis.
 Actein effect on breast cancer cell line: dose response and time course Analysis of MDB-MB-453 breast cancer cells treated with 20 or 40 ug/ml actein for 6 or 24 hours. Actein is a triterpene glycoside from the herb black cohosh and inhibits the growth of cancer cells in vitro. Results provide insight into the molecular basis of this inhibitory effect.
 BRCA1 depletion effect on HeLa cells Analysis of HeLa cells depleted for BRCA1. BRCA1, the breast and ovarian cancer specific tumor suppressor, is a transcriptional regulator.  Results identify transcriptional targets of BRCA1.
 CXC chemokine ligand 4 effect on monocyte-derived macrophages Analysis of blood monocytes differentiated to macrophages (MP) with CXC Chemokine Ligand 4 (CXCL4) and macrophage colony-stimulation factor (M-CSF). In atherosclerotic arteries, monocytes differentiate to MPs in the presence of growth factors, such as M-CSF, and chemokines, such as CXCL4.
 Resistance exercise training effect on the skeletal muscle Analysis of biceps brachii muscles from trained and untrained arms 4 hours after an acute bout of bilateral arm resistance exercise (RE). Subjects underwent a 12 week progressive unilateral arm RE training program. Results provide insight into the adaptive response of skeletal muscle to RE training.
 NeOAdjuvant Herceptin (NOAH) trial: formalin-fixed, paraffin-embedded breast cancer biopsies Analysis of FFPE core biopsies from pre-treated patients with HER2+ breast cancer (BC) randomized to receive neoadjuvant chemotherapy only or chemotherapy+trastuzumab (herceptin). Results provide insight into the molecular basis of survival outcomes following trastuzumab-based chemotherapy.
 Active tuberculosis: peripheral blood mononuclear cells Analysis of PBMCs isolated from patients with active pulmonary tuberculosis (PTB) and latent TB infection (LTBI). Results provide insight into identifying potential biomarkers that can distinguish individuals with PTB from LTBI.
 Zinc finger transcription factor ZXDC depletion effect on myeloid cell line undergoing differentiation Analysis of U937 myeloid cells treated with phorbol 12-myristate 13-acetate (PMA) and depleted for the zinc finger transcription factor ZXDC.  PMA treatment induces myeloid cell differentiation. Results provide insight into the role of ZXDC in myeloid cell differentiation.
 Pre-B cell colony enhancing factor depletion effect on pulmonary microvascular endothelial cell Analysis of pulmonary microvascular endothelial cells depleted for pre-B cell colony enhancing factor (PBEF). Results provide insight into the role of PBEF in the endothelium.
 Metaphase II stage oocytes matured in vivo Analysis of young, untreated metaphase II (MII) oocytes. Results provide insight into the baseline of genes expressed in in vivo matured oocytes and into the molecular mechanisms underlying biological processes such as oogenesis, folliculogenesis, fertilization, and embryonic development.
 Rheumatoid arthritis: synovial macrophages Analysis of synovial fluid macrophages from 5 patients with rheumatoid arthritis (RA). The chronic inflammation and progressive joint destruction observed in RA are mediated in part by macrophages. Results provide insight into the molecular mechanisms underlying RA pathogenesis.
 Young and aged skeletal muscles response to long-term vigorous endurance exercise Analysis of skeletal muscles from young and aged individuals undergoing vigorous endurance exercise training for over 4 years. Results provide insight into the effects of endurance exercise on age-related insulin resistance and mitochondrial dysfunction.
 Airway epithelial cells response to hypochlorous acid: time course Temporal analysis of primary airway epithelial cells (AEC) treated with 0.4, 1 or 4mM hypochlorous acid (HOCl). HOCl is a potent oxidative agent that can be generated by neutrophils in inflammatory diseases of airways. Results provide insight into mechanisms underlying HOCl-induced toxicity in AECs.
 Angiopoietin-1 stimulation of vascular endothelial cells Analysis of HUVECs upon Ang1 stimulation in the presence (confluent) or absence (sparse) of cell-cell contacts. The Ang1-Tie2 system is implicated in both vascular quiescence and angiogenesis. Results provide insight into Ang1 signalling in the presence or absence of cell-cell contacts.
 Various mental disorders: postmortem brains Analysis of postmortem prefrontal cortices from subjects with bipolar disorder, depression, and schizophrenia. Results provide insight into the molecular pathophysiology of these mental disorders.
 Methotrexate-resistant HT29 colon adenocarcinoma cell line Analysis of HT29 colon cancer cells sensitive or resistant to methotrexate (MTX). MTX is used in the treatment of cancer. Chemotherapy effectiveness in cancer cells is compromised by development of drug resistance. Results provide insight into molecular mechanisms associated with drug resistance.
 Relaxation response practice effect on blood Analysis of whole blood from long-term practitioners of daily relaxation response (RR) practice and those with short-term (8 wks) RR training. RR is a mind-body intervention that offsets the physiological effects caused by stress. Results provide insight into molecular mechanisms underlying the RR.
 Bronchial epithelial cells response to interleukin-22 and interleukin-17 Analysis of bronchial epithelial cells treated with interleukin (IL)-22, IL-17, or both.  IL-17 receptor mutant lungs are susceptible to Klebsiella pneumonia infections. IL-22 induces antimicrobial peptide expression. Results provide insight into the extent of IL-22 and IL-17's role in host defense.
 Synchronous and metachronous liver metastases from colorectal cancer Analysis of synchronous and metachronous liver metastatic lesions from colorectal cancer (CC). The liver is a common site of metastases from CC. Synchronous metastatic lesions arise less than 6 months after the resection of the primary tumor, metachronous lesions arise 6 months after resection.
 TREM-1 activation effect on monocytes in vitro Analysis of cultured monocytes following TREM-1 activation by treatment with an antibody against TREM-1. TREM-1 is an immunoreceptor expressed on monocytes, macrophages, and neutrophils. Results provide insight into the cellular consequences of TREM-1 activation.
 Beta-catenin depletion effect on multiple myeloma cell line Analysis of multiple myeloma MM1.S cells depleted for beta-catenin. Beta-catenin is an effector of the Wnt signaling pathway. Results provide insight into the role of Wnt/beta-catenin signaling in the progression of multiple myeloma.
 Vitamin C effect on skin fibroblast cell line Analysis of GM5659 skin fibroblasts treated with ascorbic acid  or the stable vitamin C derivative, ascorbic acid 2-phosphate. Vitamin C is an important water-soluble free radical scavenger and an essential cofactor for collagen synthesis by dermal fibroblasts.
 Syk depletion effect on breast epithelial cell line Analysis of MCF10A breast epithelial cells depleted for Syk. Progressive loss of Syk mRNA occurs during breast tumor development. Results provide insight into Syk’s tumor suppressor function and role in normal breast development.
 Cigarette smoking effect on full-term placenta Analysis of full-term placentas exposed to maternal cigarette smoke. The placenta produces and metabolizes steroids and xenobiotics. Results provide insight into the effects of maternal cigarette smoking on the placenta at term, with a focus on xenobiotic- and steroid-metabolizing genes.
 Resveratrol effect on lung carcinoma cell line Analysis of lung carcinoma A549 cells treated with resveratrol. Resveratrol is a phytoestrogen found in red wine. Results provide insight into protective effect of resveratrol against lung cancer.
 Prostate cancer cell line response to dihydrotestosterone: time course Analysis of LNCaP prostate cancer cells treated with the androgen dihydrotestosterone (DHT). DHT binds to androgen receptor (AR), a ligand dependent transcription factor that plays a key role in prostate cancer. Results provide insight into mechanisms underlying AR-dependent prostate cancer growth.
 Neutrophil response to aerobic exercise Analysis of neutrophils from healthy males before and after 30 minutes of aerobic exercise. The number of circulating neutrophils increases after exercise. Results provide insight into the molecular response of these immune cells to exercise.
 Sepsis effect on the skeletal muscle Analysis of muscle biopsies from septic patients treated in the intensive care unit. Septic patients often develop multiple organ failure including persistent skeletal muscle dysfunction. Results provide insight into the molecular defects driving loss of muscle function and metabolic homeostasis.
 Liver transplantation tolerance: peripheral blood mononuclear cells Analysis of peripheral blood mononuclear cells from operationally tolerant liver transplant patients. Operationally tolerant patients are fully immunocompetent but accept grafts without chronic immunosuppression. Results identify a molecular signature for operational tolerance.
 Chromophobe renal cell carcinoma and oncocytoma Comparison of chromophobe renal cell carcinoma (RCC) and benign oncocytoma tumor samples. Malignant chromophobe RCC and benign oncocytoma share  morphologic features. Results provide insight into the molecular differences between the two types of tumors.
 phs000549.v1.p1 - Clonal Evolution of Pre-Leukemic HSC Precedes Human AML   dbGaP Study Information:       Type of study: Case Set   Study design: Case Set     br / Number of documents: 0   Number of variables: 16   Number of participants: 6   Number of analyses: 0     br / Projects in this study:   National Cancer Institute    Diseases:   Leukemia, Myeloid, Acute   Leukemia, Myeloid, Acute    Tumor type: germline, tumor.     br / Technology used in this study:   Roche NimbleGen SeqCap EZ Human Exome Library v2.0    Assay types used:   Targeted Genome    
 phs000477.v1.p1 - Genetic Defects in Familial Renal Disorders   dbGaP Study Information:       Type of study: Probands, Mendelian, Family   Study design: Mendelian     br / Number of documents: 0   Number of variables: 11   Number of participants: 21   Number of analyses: 0     br / Projects in this study:   National Human Genome Research Institute    Diseases:   Vesico-Ureteral Reflux   Hypophosphatemia, Familial   Hajdu-Cheney Syndrome   Hypophosphatemia, Familial      br / Technology used in this study:   Agilent SureSelect Human All Exon v.2 Kit    Assay types used:   Whole Exome    
 Pediatric acute leukemia patients with early relapse: white blood cells Analysis of WBCs from pediatric B cell precursor (BCP) acute lymphoblastic leukemia (ALL) patients with early, late, or no relapse. For patients with relapsed BCP-ALL, early relapses fare worse than later relapses. Results provide insight into the molecular basis of early relapses in BCP-ALL.
 Tolerant renal transplant recipients: peripheral whole blood Analysis of whole blood from tolerant renal transplant recipients (i.e., with stable graft function and receiving no immunosuppressive drugs for  1 year) and from recipients stable on immunosuppressive drugs. Results provide insight into molecular mechanisms underlying renal transplant tolerance.
 Oxidized low-density lipoprotein effect on LOX-1 overexpressing aortic endothelial cell line HAECT: time course Analysis of oxidized-low-density lipoprotein receptor-1 (LOX-1)-overexpressing HAECT cells treated with OxLDL for up to 24 hrs. OxLDL is implicated as a proatherogenic factor. Results provide insight into molecular mechanisms underlying OxLDL-induced endothelial dysfunction and atherosclerosis.
 Cystic fibrosis bronchial epithelial cells exposure to Pseudomonas aeruginosa PA01 biofilms Analysis of cystic fibrosis (CF) bronchial epithelial CFBE41o- cells exposed to Pseudomonas aeruginosa PA01 biofilms. Cells overexpressing 508del-CFTR and cells rescued with wild type CFTR were examined. CFTR mutations enhance the inflammatory response in the lung to PA01 infection.
 Alcoholic hepatitis Analysis of alcoholic hepatitis (AH) livers. AH is a severe form of alcoholic liver disease characterized by hepatocellular damage, steatosis and pericellular fibrosis. Results provide insight into the molecular mechanisms underlying AH pathogenesis.
 Ls174T colon cancer cell line response to Wnt signaling inhibition Analysis of Ls174T colon cancer cells following doxycyclin-induction of a dominant-negative Tcf4 transgene, or a shRNA against β-catenin, to block the Wnt signal transduction pathway. Results provide insight into molecular mechanisms downstream of a defined signal transduction pathway.
 Colorectal cancer tumors Analysis of paired colorectal cancer (CRC) tumors and adjacent non-cancerous tissues. Colorectal cancer is a worldwide public health problem. Results provide insight into the molecular mechanisms underlying CRC carcinogenesis.
 Bacterial cell wall component MDP effect on HEK293 cells expressing Crohn's disease-associated NOD2 variant L1007fsinsC receptor: time course Temporal analysis of HEK293 cells stably-expressing wildtype NOD2 receptor or variant NOD2L1007fsinsC and treated with muramyl dipeptide (MDP). MDP-induced NOD2 activation induces inflammatory and antibacterial factors. Results provide insight into molecular basis of NOD2-mediated immune response.
 Infantile-onset Pompe response to recombinant human lysosomal acid alpha-glucosidase (rhGAA) treatment: quadriceps Analysis of quadriceps biopsies from infantile-onset Pompe disease patients treated with recombinant human lysosomal acid alpha-glucosidase (rhGAA, Myozyme) for up to 52 weeks. Results provide insight into molecular mechanisms underlying the response to therapy (positive vs. poor clinical outcome).
 Intestinal mucosa response to active and inactive ulcerative colitis: colon biopsies Analysis of colonic biopsies from patients with histologically active or inactive UC and from healthy, non-inflammatory controls. UC is a chronic inflammatory disease with periods of active disease followed by remission. Results provide insight into molecular events associated with UC remission.
 Biallelic CEBPA-mutated acute myeloid leukemia with multilineage dysplasia: peripheral blood mononuclear cells Analysis of PBMCs from biallelic CEBPA (encoding CCAAT/enhancer binding protein)-mutated, acute myeloid leukemia (AML) patients with or without multilineage dysplasia (MLD). Cases without CEBPA mutations also examined.  Results provide insight into the classification of CEBPA-mutated AML patients.
 Core binding factor-acute myeloid leukemia patients: mononuclear cells Analysis of mononuclear cells isolated from untreated, CBF-AML patients representing t(8;21) and inv(16)/t(16;16) karyotypes. The CBF-AML samples exhibited differential sensitivity to treatment with ABT-737 and BV6. Results provide insight into molecular basis of sensitivity to inhibitor treatment.
 5-aza-2’-deoxycytidine effect on colorectal cancer cell lines Analysis of colorectal cancer (CRC) cell lines treated with 5-aza-2’-deoxycytidine (5-aza-dC). 5-aza-dC, a DNA methylation inhibitor, was used to reactivate silenced genes in the CRC cell lines. Results provide insight into the molecular mechanisms underlying epigenetic alterations in CRC.
 Zaire ebolavirus infection of macrophage: time course Analysis of primary macrophages from three donors (D1, D2, D3) up to 6 hrs after in vitro exposure to purified Zaire ebolavirus (ZEBOV) virions. ZEBOV is the etiological agent of Ebola Hemorrhagic Fever (EHF). Results provide insight into the initial response of macrophages exposed to Ebola virions.
 Unresectable colorectal cancer primary or metastatic lesions: training set Analysis of primary or metastatic lesions from patients with unresectable colorectal cancer (CRC) prior to FOLFOX6 therapy (oxaliplatin, 5-fluorouracil, leucovorin regimen). Results provide insight into molecular signatures that predict responders to FOLFOX therapy for unresectable CRC.
 Hepatitis C virus permissive cell lines Huh7.5 and HRP1 and non-permissive parent cell line Huh7 Analysis of hepatocyte cell line Huh7, non-permissive to hepatitis C virus (HCV) replication, and permissive cell lines Huh7.5 and HRP1. Results provide insight into host factors lost in cells permissive for HCV replication.
 Arthritis synoviocyte response to TNF alpha Temporal analysis of arthritic synovial biopsies treated with TNF alpha at 0, 4 and 24 hours.
 RENT1 nonsense-mediated mRNA decay component knockdown Analysis of mRNA abundance changes in Hela cells following knockdown of nonsense-mediated mRNA decay component RENT1 using RNAi.   Results identify transcripts potentially regulated by RENT1.
 CD4+ lymphocyte polarization into Th1 and Th2 cells in the presence of TGFbeta: time course (HG-U95A) Analysis of CD4+ lymphocyte induced to differentiate into Th1 and Th2 by treatment with IL-12 and IL-4 respectively in the presence of TGFbeta. Cells examined at various time points up to 48 hours after treatment. Results provide insight into the mechanisms regulating CD4+ cell polarization.
 Cigarette smoking effect on alveolar macrophage Analysis of alveolar macrophages from 15 cigarette smokers, 15 non-smokers and 15 asthmatics. Results suggest that alveolar macrophage activation induced by smoking contributes to emphysema.
 Normal human tissue expression profiling (HG-U95A) Analysis of gene expression in a variety of normal tissues. Samples typically composed of a pool of 10-25 individuals. Included as part of the GeneNote project.
 Idiopathic and scleroderma-associated pulmonary fibrosis derived fibroblasts response to TGFbeta Analysis of adult lung fibroblasts treated with 4 ng/ml TGFbeta cytokine for 4 hours. Fibroblasts obtained from patients with idiopathic or scleroderma-associated pulmonary fibrosis. Results provide insight into the role of TGFbeta in pulmonary fibrosis.
 Transforming growth factor beta effect on acute myelogenous leukemia cells Analysis of M091 acute myelogenous leukemia cells after treatment with 200 pM transforming growth factor beta (TGFbeta) for 2 and 4 hours. Part of a study comparing M091 to hematopoietic stem cells. Reveals cytostatic role of TGFbeta in hematopoiesis and identifies p57 as a possible tumor suppressor
 Metabolic syndrome response to exercise intervention (HG-95A) Analysis of skeletal muscle from overweight males with metabolic syndrome. Individuals subjected to chronic exercise training. Muscles examined prior to training, and after 1 and 14 days of recovery following 9 months training. Provides insight into effects of exercise intervention.
 DNA damage from ultraviolet and ionizing radiation effect on peripheral blood lymphocytes Analysis of peripheral blood lymphocytes exposed to ultraviolet (10 J/m^2) or ionizing radiation (5 Gy). Lymphocytes obtained from 15 healthy individuals from ages 21 to 36 years and immortalized with Epstein-Barr virus. Results provide insight into transcriptional response to DNA damage.
 Asthma exacerbatory factors Comparison of epithelial cells derived from asthmatic and normal bronchial airways, and examination of factors that enhance inflammatory and immunologic responses which exacerbate asthma. Effects of ozone and rhinovirus examined.
 Transcription profiling by array of human SEM cells after JMJD1C depletion   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling by array of human SEM cells after JMJD1C depletion br / Number of assays: 6 br / Technology: Affymetrix Human Gene 2.0 ST Array [HuGene-2\ 0-st] br / Experimental factors: Genotype br / Last update: 08-08-2016 br / 
 Gene expression profiling of AOS Patient fibroblasts against Control fibroblasts   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Gene expression profiling of AOS Patient fibroblasts against Control fibroblasts br / Number of assays: 9 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Disease, Individual br / Last update: 23-09-2016 br / 
 Transcription profiling by array of human liposarcoma samples with different histological subtypes   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling by array of human liposarcoma samples with different histological subtypes br / Number of assays: 34 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Histology br / Last update: 15-09-2015 br / 
 Gene expression profile of human umbilical cord blood cells treated with prostaglandin   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Gene expression profile of human umbilical cord blood cells treated with prostaglandin br / Number of assays: 20 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Compound, Growth Condition br / Last update: 28-09-2015 br / 
 Transcription profiling of acute monocytic leukemia (AML-M5) patients with DNMT3A mutations   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling of acute monocytic leukemia (AML-M5) patients with DNMT3A mutations br / Number of assays: 10 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Genotype br / Last update: 16-09-2015 br / 
 Transcription profiling by array of human duodenal mucosa from healthy subjects after treatment with the non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug idomethacin or a placebo   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling by array of human duodenal mucosa from healthy subjects after treatment with the non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug idomethacin or a placebo br / Number of assays: 32 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Compound br / Last update: 22-10-2015 br / 
 Data expression in alveolar macrophages induced by lipopolysaccharide in humans   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Data expression in alveolar macrophages induced by lipopolysaccharide in humans br / Number of assays: 14 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Compound br / Last update: 30-09-2015 br / 
 autologous pairs of cutaneous melanocyte and melanoma cell cultures   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: autologous pairs of cutaneous melanocyte and melanoma cell cultures br / Number of assays: 10 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Cell Type br / Last update: 28-07-2015 br / 
 Gene expression profiles of fibroblasts from childhood cerebral adrenoleukodystrophy patients and healthy controls   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Gene expression profiles of fibroblasts from childhood cerebral adrenoleukodystrophy patients and healthy controls br / Number of assays: 10 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Disease br / Last update: 22-09-2015 br / 
 Transcription profiling by array of human ovarian cancer cells after RNAi knockdown of CXCR4   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling by array of human ovarian cancer cells after RNAi knockdown of CXCR4 br / Number of assays: 12 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: RNAi br / Last update: 03-07-2014 br / 
 Transcription profiling by array of human estrogen receptor alpha positive breast tumors with and without PIK3CA mutations   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling by array of human estrogen receptor alpha positive breast tumors with and without PIK3CA mutations br / Number of assays: 43 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Genotype br / Last update: 03-07-2014 br / 
 JAG1 is an Invasion and Metastasis promoting genes of Lung cancer   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: JAG1 is an Invasion and Metastasis promoting genes of Lung cancer br / Number of assays: 6 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Genotype br / Last update: 06-08-2015 br / 
 Expression data from knockdown of ZXDC1/2 in PMA-treated U937   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Expression data from knockdown of ZXDC1/2 in PMA-treated U937 br / Number of assays: 12 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Compound, Genotype br / Last update: 11-07-2015 br / 
 Transcription profiling by array of human THP-1 cells overexpressing or silenced for GAM after treatment with lipopolysaccharide   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling by array of human THP-1 cells overexpressing or silenced for GAM after treatment with lipopolysaccharide br / Number of assays: 18 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Compound, Genotype br / Last update: 02-11-2015 br / 
 Transcription profiling human whole blood from children with pre-type1diabetes   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling human whole blood from children with pre-type1diabetes br / Number of assays: 60 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Disease Staging br / Last update: 02-11-2015 br / 
 Transcription profiling of human A549 lung cancer cells treated with actinomycin D and sapphyrin PCI-2050 a new class of tumor-selective inhibitors of gene expression   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling of human A549 lung cancer cells treated with actinomycin D and sapphyrin PCI-2050 a new class of tumor-selective inhibitors of gene expression br / Number of assays: 12 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Compound br / Last update: 23-06-2015 br / 
 Functional Analysis and Gene Expression Profile of Umbilical Cord Blood Regulatory T Cells   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Functional Analysis and Gene Expression Profile of Umbilical Cord Blood Regulatory T Cells br / Number of assays: 10 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Organism Part br / Last update: 15-09-2015 br / 
 Expression data from EZH2 inhibitor treated Non-Hodgkins Lymphoma cell lines   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Expression data from EZH2 inhibitor treated Non-Hodgkins Lymphoma cell lines br / Number of assays: 102 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Cell Line, Compound, Time br / Last update: 27-07-2015 br / 
 Expression data from control and GAPLINC knock down human gastric cancer cell lines   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Expression data from control and GAPLINC knock down human gastric cancer cell lines br / Number of assays: 6 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Genotype br / Last update: 10-10-2014 br / 
 Induction of ER stress in HCT116 colon cancer cells   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Induction of ER stress in HCT116 colon cancer cells br / Number of assays: 24 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Genotype, Treatment br / Last update: 07-08-2015 br / 
 Transcriptome analysis of si-Med23 and si-Elk1 A549 cells   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcriptome analysis of si-Med23 and si-Elk1 A549 cells br / Number of assays: 9 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Genotype br / Last update: 19-08-2015 br / 
 Transcription profiling by array of kinin-dependent genes in endometrial cancer   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling by array of kinin-dependent genes in endometrial cancer br / Number of assays: 18 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome HG-U133A [HG-U133A] br / Experimental factors: Cell Type br / Last update: 28-09-2015 br / 
 Transcription profiling of human peripheral blood monocytes treated with simvastatin reveals it has an anti-inflammatory effect on macrophages via upregulation of Kruppel-like factor-2   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling of human peripheral blood monocytes treated with simvastatin reveals it has an anti-inflammatory effect on macrophages via upregulation of Kruppel-like factor-2 br / Number of assays: 9 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Compound, Time br / Last update: 12-10-2015 br / 
 Transcription profiling by array of human tongue carcinoma cells after treatment with Emdogain or TGF-beta1   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling by array of human tongue carcinoma cells after treatment with Emdogain or TGF-beta1 br / Number of assays: 15 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Compound, Time br / Last update: 22-10-2015 br / 
 Transcription profiling by array of human breast cancer cell line MCF7 transfected with miR221, miR222 or miR206   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling by array of human breast cancer cell line MCF7 transfected with miR221, miR222 or miR206 br / Number of assays: 12 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Genotype br / Last update: 16-06-2015 br / 
 Expression data from glucocorticoid-treated ALL (CCRF-CEM-C7-14 cells)   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Expression data from glucocorticoid-treated ALL (CCRF-CEM-C7-14 cells) br / Number of assays: 6 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Compound, Time br / Last update: 29-09-2015 br / 
 Transcription profiling of human colon Caco2 cells treated with extracts from broccoli that had been cooked for different lengths of time   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling of human colon Caco2 cells treated with extracts from broccoli that had been cooked for different lengths of time br / Number of assays: 12 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Growth Condition, Time br / Last update: 22-10-2015 br / 
 Transcription profiling by array of human transiliac bone biopsies from pre and post surgery to investigate the molecular pathology of bone in hyperparathyroidism   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling by array of human transiliac bone biopsies from pre and post surgery to investigate the molecular pathology of bone in hyperparathyroidism br / Number of assays: 13 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome HG-U133A [HG-U133A] br / Experimental factors: Disease br / Last update: 22-10-2015 br / 
 Transcription profiling of human intervertebral disc cells treated with varying osmolarity growth medium   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling of human intervertebral disc cells treated with varying osmolarity growth medium br / Number of assays: 11 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome HG-U133A [HG-U133A] br / Experimental factors: Environmental Stress br / Last update: 04-09-2015 br / 
 Transcription profiling by array of quiescent chronic myelogenous leukemia stem cells after treatment with lbh589 and imatinib   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling by array of quiescent chronic myelogenous leukemia stem cells after treatment with lbh589 and imatinib br / Number of assays: 12 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Compound br / Last update: 02-08-2014 br / 
 Transcription profiling by array of human peripheral blood mononuclear cells after treatment with community-associated Staphylococcus aureus and incubation for different lengths of time   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling by array of human peripheral blood mononuclear cells after treatment with community-associated Staphylococcus aureus and incubation for different lengths of time br / Number of assays: 81 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Time, Treatment br / Last update: 10-10-2014 br / 
 Expression data of two human cancer cell lines cultivated in 2-dimensional (2D) vs. 3-dimensional (3D) cell culture   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Expression data of two human cancer cell lines cultivated in 2-dimensional (2D) vs. 3-dimensional (3D) cell culture br / Number of assays: 12 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Cell Line, Growth Condition br / Last update: 22-06-2015 br / 
 Networking of differentially expressed genes in human MIA PaCa2 pancreatic cancer cells resistant to methotrexate   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Networking of differentially expressed genes in human MIA PaCa2 pancreatic cancer cells resistant to methotrexate br / Number of assays: 6 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Phenotype br / Last update: 06-08-2015 br / 
 Transcription profiling by array of Nurr1 gene expression in human neural stem cell lines   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling by array of Nurr1 gene expression in human neural stem cell lines br / Number of assays: 6 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Genotype br / Last update: 15-08-2014 br / 
 Transcription profiling by array of human neuroblastoma patients in two different clinical outcomes   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling by array of human neuroblastoma patients in two different clinical outcomes br / Number of assays: 50 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Clinical Information, Genotype br / Last update: 03-09-2015 br / 
 Transcription profiling by array of human vitamin C-induced gene expression in GM5659 skin fibroblasts   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling by array of human vitamin C-induced gene expression in GM5659 skin fibroblasts br / Number of assays: 9 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Compound br / Last update: 03-07-2014 br / 
 Transcription profiling by array of human CD4+ T cells from HIV-resistant and HIV-susceptible individuals   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling by array of human CD4+ T cells from HIV-resistant and HIV-susceptible individuals br / Number of assays: 17 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Phenotype br / Last update: 28-08-2015 br / 
 Transcription profiling by array of HepG2 cells after RNAi knock-down of RNF43   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling by array of HepG2 cells after RNAi knock-down of RNF43 br / Number of assays: 6 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Rnai br / Last update: 03-07-2014 br / 
 Transcription profiling of sigmoid colon mucosal biopsies from irritable bowel syndrome patients and healthy control subjects   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling of sigmoid colon mucosal biopsies from irritable bowel syndrome patients and healthy control subjects br / Number of assays: 131 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Clinical Information, Disease br / Last update: 02-11-2015 br / 
 21T series cell lines show distinct stage-specific gene expression alterations   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: 21T series cell lines show distinct stage-specific gene expression alterations br / Number of assays: 9 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Cell Line br / Last update: 22-06-2015 br / 
 Transcription profiling of rectal adenocarcinomas biopsied before and after pre-operative short-course radiotherapy or 5-flurouracil-based chemoradiotherapy   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling of rectal adenocarcinomas biopsied before and after pre-operative short-course radiotherapy or 5-flurouracil-based chemoradiotherapy br / Number of assays: 18 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Treatment br / Last update: 22-10-2015 br / 
 Transcription profiling by array of human pharyngeal epithelial cells after infection with various strains of Streptococcus pneumoniae   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling by array of human pharyngeal epithelial cells after infection with various strains of Streptococcus pneumoniae br / Number of assays: 32 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Infect br / Last update: 03-07-2014 br / 
 The DNA Double-Strand Break Response Is Abnormal in Myeloblasts From Patients With Therapy-Related Acute Myeloid Leukemia   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: The DNA Double-Strand Break Response Is Abnormal in Myeloblasts From Patients With Therapy-Related Acute Myeloid Leukemia br / Number of assays: 17 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Phenotype br / Last update: 29-07-2015 br / 
 Transcription profilin by array of human CD34+ hematopoietic progenitor cells grown under different conditions   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profilin by array of human CD34+ hematopoietic progenitor cells grown under different conditions br / Number of assays: 21 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Growth Condition, Time br / Last update: 15-09-2015 br / 
 Gene expression in human umbilical cord vein and artery endothelial cells under physiological chronic normoxia (3% O2, PCN) and standard culture normoxia (21% O2, SCN)   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Gene expression in human umbilical cord vein and artery endothelial cells under physiological chronic normoxia (3% O2, PCN) and standard culture normoxia (21% O2, SCN) br / Number of assays: 23 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Cell Type, Growth Condition br / Last update: 27-07-2015 br / 
 Combined Use of Laser Capture Microdissection and Microarray Analysis Identifies Locally Expressed Disease-Related Genes in Focal Regions of Psoriasis Vulgaris Skin Lesions   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Combined Use of Laser Capture Microdissection and Microarray Analysis Identifies Locally Expressed Disease-Related Genes in Focal Regions of Psoriasis Vulgaris Skin Lesions br / Number of assays: 37 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133A 2.0 [HG-U133A\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Phenotype, Protocol br / Last update: 23-07-2015 br / 
 Transcription profiling by array of colon cancer cell line SW480,  with and without transfection of SHPRH to investigate the role of Axitinib which blocks Wnt/?-catenin signaling and directs asymmetric cell division in cancer   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling by array of colon cancer cell line SW480,  with and without transfection of SHPRH to investigate the role of Axitinib which blocks Wnt/?-catenin signaling and directs asymmetric cell division in cancer br / Number of assays: 6 br / Technology: Agilent Human Gene Expression 4x44K v2 Microarray 026652 G4845A br / Experimental factors: Genotype br / Last update: 14-07-2015 br / 
 Transcription profiling by array of human polymorphonuclear leukocytes from patients with autosomal dominant monocytopenia   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling by array of human polymorphonuclear leukocytes from patients with autosomal dominant monocytopenia br / Number of assays: 20 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Disease br / Last update: 29-07-2015 br / 
 Transcription profiling by array of human skin from patients with psoriasis   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling by array of human skin from patients with psoriasis br / Number of assays: 180 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Clinical Information, Disease br / Last update: 23-07-2015 br / 
 Transcription profiling of SKOV3 ovarian carcinoma cells overexpressing BRCA1   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling of SKOV3 ovarian carcinoma cells overexpressing BRCA1 br / Number of assays: 6 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Genotype br / Last update: 12-08-2015 br / 
 Expression data from peripheral blood mononuclear cell in patients with type 1 diabetes  compared with normal controls   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Expression data from peripheral blood mononuclear cell in patients with type 1 diabetes  compared with normal controls br / Number of assays: 22 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Disease br / Last update: 02-09-2014 br / 
 Transcription profiling by array of acute and chronic atopic dermatitis compared to normal skin   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling by array of acute and chronic atopic dermatitis compared to normal skin br / Number of assays: 39 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Clinical Information, Disease, Phenotype br / Last update: 19-05-2016 br / 
 Transcription profiling of human primary CD34+ acute myelogenous leukemia specimens obtained from 12 patients treated with 7.5 micromolar parthenolide (PTL)   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling of human primary CD34+ acute myelogenous leukemia specimens obtained from 12 patients treated with 7.5 micromolar parthenolide (PTL) br / Number of assays: 24 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Compound br / Last update: 27-07-2015 br / 
 Transcription profiling by array of human glioblastoma samples after radiotherapy and/or temonzolomide   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling by array of human glioblastoma samples after radiotherapy and/or temonzolomide br / Number of assays: 70 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Clinical Information, Disease br / Last update: 27-07-2015 br / 
 Comparison of Enteral versus Parenteral Feeding in Healthy Human Subjects (Supported by NIH grant GM34695)   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Comparison of Enteral versus Parenteral Feeding in Healthy Human Subjects (Supported by NIH grant GM34695) br / Number of assays: 16 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome Focus Array [HG-Focus] br / Experimental factors: Sampling Time Point br / Last update: 15-09-2015 br / 
 Transcription profiling by array of human pancreatic cancers resistant to EGFR inhibition   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling by array of human pancreatic cancers resistant to EGFR inhibition br / Number of assays: 36 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Phenotype br / Last update: 29-07-2015 br / 
 Transcription profiling by array of human gangliogliomas and adjacent tissue   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling by array of human gangliogliomas and adjacent tissue br / Number of assays: 12 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome HG-U133A [HG-U133A] br / Experimental factors: Disease br / Last update: 22-10-2015 br / 
 Transcription profiling by array of HT29 colon carcinoma cells overexpressing mitochondrial aconitase ACO2   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling by array of HT29 colon carcinoma cells overexpressing mitochondrial aconitase ACO2 br / Number of assays: 9 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133A 2.0 [HG-U133A\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Genotype br / Last update: 22-10-2015 br / 
 Transcription profiling by array of human skeletal muscle from patients with type 2 diabetes, their first degree relatives and healthy unrelated controls   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling by array of human skeletal muscle from patients with type 2 diabetes, their first degree relatives and healthy unrelated controls br / Number of assays: 35 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Disease, Family Relationship br / Last update: 03-07-2014 br / 
 Gene expression profiles of Wnt-1 overexpressing melanoma   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Gene expression profiles of Wnt-1 overexpressing melanoma br / Number of assays: 24 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Cell Line, Genotype, Growth Condition br / Last update: 12-08-2015 br / 
 Transcription profiling by array of fibroblasts derived from skin biopsies taken from sporadic amyotrophic lateral sclerosis and primary lateral sclerosis neurologically normal human controls   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling by array of fibroblasts derived from skin biopsies taken from sporadic amyotrophic lateral sclerosis and primary lateral sclerosis neurologically normal human controls br / Number of assays: 17 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Disease br / Last update: 10-07-2014 br / 
 Gene expression profiling in psoriatic lesional and non-lesional skin [Set 2]   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Gene expression profiling in psoriatic lesional and non-lesional skin [Set 2] br / Number of assays: 47 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Clinical Information br / Last update: 24-07-2015 br / 
 Transcription profiling by array of human embryonic stem cells response to retinoic acid exposure   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling by array of human embryonic stem cells response to retinoic acid exposure br / Number of assays: 22 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Compound br / Last update: 03-07-2014 br / 
 The genomic analysis of the interaction between the lactic acidosis and hypoxia response   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: The genomic analysis of the interaction between the lactic acidosis and hypoxia response br / Number of assays: 12 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133A 2.0 [HG-U133A\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Growth Condition br / Last update: 12-08-2015 br / 
 Marked Reduction of AKT1 Expression and Deregulation of AKT1-associated Pathways in Peripheral Blood Mononuclear Cells of Schizophrenia Patients   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Marked Reduction of AKT1 Expression and Deregulation of AKT1-associated Pathways in Peripheral Blood Mononuclear Cells of Schizophrenia Patients br / Number of assays: 72 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Disease br / Last update: 27-07-2015 br / 
 Transcription profiling by array of human pancreatic tumours in xenografts to investigate the antitumor activity and molecular effects of the novel Hsp 90 Inhibitor, IPI-504, in pancreatic cancer   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling by array of human pancreatic tumours in xenografts to investigate the antitumor activity and molecular effects of the novel Hsp 90 Inhibitor, IPI-504, in pancreatic cancer br / Number of assays: 15 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Compound br / Last update: 03-07-2014 br / 
 Re-analysis by microarray using cDNA target of samples from psoriasis patients enrolled in an etanercept trial   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Re-analysis by microarray using cDNA target of samples from psoriasis patients enrolled in an etanercept trial br / Number of assays: 81 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Compound, Phenotype, Time br / Last update: 06-06-2016 br / 
 Transcription profiling by array of human UKE-1 cells with shRNA mediated knock-down of ASXL1   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling by array of human UKE-1 cells with shRNA mediated knock-down of ASXL1 br / Number of assays: 8 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133A 2.0 [HG-U133A\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Genotype br / Last update: 03-07-2014 br / 
 Transcriptional profiling comparing S100PBP over-expressing human FA6 pancreatic cancer cells to vector-only control FA6 cells   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcriptional profiling comparing S100PBP over-expressing human FA6 pancreatic cancer cells to vector-only control FA6 cells br / Number of assays: 6 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Genotype br / Last update: 07-11-2014 br / 
 Transcription profiling of muscle from hypopituitary men before and after growth hormone treatment to investigate the effect of growth hormone on metabolic processes in muscle   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling of muscle from hypopituitary men before and after growth hormone treatment to investigate the effect of growth hormone on metabolic processes in muscle br / Number of assays: 8 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome HG-U133A [HG-U133A] br / Experimental factors: Compound, Time br / Last update: 02-11-2015 br / 
 Expression analysis on microfibrillar associated protein 5 (MFAP5) protein treated ovarian cancer cell line OVCA432   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Expression analysis on microfibrillar associated protein 5 (MFAP5) protein treated ovarian cancer cell line OVCA432 br / Number of assays: 6 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Compound br / Last update: 28-10-2014 br / 
 Transcription profiling by array of human gastric cancer samples   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling by array of human gastric cancer samples br / Number of assays: 27 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Disease, Sampling Site br / Last update: 08-09-2015 br / 
 Effect of increased FOXA1 on gene expression in bladder cancer cells   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Effect of increased FOXA1 on gene expression in bladder cancer cells br / Number of assays: 6 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Phenotype br / Last update: 25-08-2015 br / 
 Gene expression change after LSD1 siRNA treatment in ER-negative breast cancer cells MDA-MB-231   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Gene expression change after LSD1 siRNA treatment in ER-negative breast cancer cells MDA-MB-231 br / Number of assays: 6 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Genotype br / Last update: 12-08-2015 br / 
 Transcription profiling by array of human HepG2 cells after RNAi knockdown of miR-30a-3p   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling by array of human HepG2 cells after RNAi knockdown of miR-30a-3p br / Number of assays: 6 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: RNA Interference br / Last update: 03-07-2014 br / 
 Transcription profiling of cancerous and non cancerous lung adenocarcinoma tissue. Tumour and normal samples from human lung carcinoma from 18 patients plus tumour only from 5 patients   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling of cancerous and non cancerous lung adenocarcinoma tissue. Tumour and normal samples from human lung carcinoma from 18 patients plus tumour only from 5 patients br / Number of assays: 37 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome HG-U133A [HG-U133A] br / Experimental factors: Disease Staging br / Last update: 28-07-2015 br / 
 Transcription profiling of two populations of non-hematopoetic stem cells (MSC and MAPC) isolated from human bone marrow   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling of two populations of non-hematopoetic stem cells (MSC and MAPC) isolated from human bone marrow br / Number of assays: 9 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome HG-U133A [HG-U133A] br / Experimental factors: Cell Type br / Last update: 22-10-2015 br / 
 Transcription profiling by array of human primary lung adenocarcinomas   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling by array of human primary lung adenocarcinomas br / Number of assays: 58 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome HG-U133A [HG-U133A] br / Experimental factors: Disease br / Last update: 03-07-2014 br / 
 Transcription profiling by array of human LNCaP cells transfected with GFP-FOXP3 cDNA   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling by array of human LNCaP cells transfected with GFP-FOXP3 cDNA br / Number of assays: 10 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Genetic Modification br / Last update: 03-07-2014 br / 
 Gene Expression in MCF10A cells through Differentiation on Transwells   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Gene Expression in MCF10A cells through Differentiation on Transwells br / Number of assays: 13 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Phenotype br / Last update: 03-07-2014 br / 
 Transcription profiling of duodenum biopsies from patients with celiac disease taken at time of diagnosis or after two years of a gluten free diet   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling of duodenum biopsies from patients with celiac disease taken at time of diagnosis or after two years of a gluten free diet br / Number of assays: 18 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Clinical Information br / Last update: 22-10-2015 br / 
 Gene expression of SUM159 breast cancer cell line expressing microRNA--203   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Gene expression of SUM159 breast cancer cell line expressing microRNA--203 br / Number of assays: 6 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Treatment br / Last update: 17-06-2015 br / 
 Transcription profiling by array of human non-small cell lung cancer tissue   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling by array of human non-small cell lung cancer tissue br / Number of assays: 91 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Disease br / Last update: 03-07-2014 br / 
 Transcription profiling of human leukemia cell lines treated with sera from Type I diabetes patients to investigate sera-induced transcriptional signatures   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling of human leukemia cell lines treated with sera from Type I diabetes patients to investigate sera-induced transcriptional signatures br / Number of assays: 42 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Cell Line, Growth Condition br / Last update: 12-10-2015 br / 
 Transcription profiling by array of human skin fibroblasts from fetuses with hydrolethalus syndrome and healthly controls   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling by array of human skin fibroblasts from fetuses with hydrolethalus syndrome and healthly controls br / Number of assays: 7 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Disease br / Last update: 03-07-2014 br / 
 Transcription profiling by array of human prostate epithelial cells after treatment with 1,25-dihydroxyvitamin D3   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling by array of human prostate epithelial cells after treatment with 1,25-dihydroxyvitamin D3 br / Number of assays: 24 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Compound, Time br / Last update: 27-08-2014 br / 
 Microarray analysis of gene expression changes in human A549 lung cancer cells upon siRNA knockdown of FAM60A and SDS3   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Microarray analysis of gene expression changes in human A549 lung cancer cells upon siRNA knockdown of FAM60A and SDS3 br / Number of assays: 12 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Genotype br / Last update: 19-08-2015 br / 
 Expression data of different histological subgroups of non-small cell lung cancer in two patient populations with different survival outcomes   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Expression data of different histological subgroups of non-small cell lung cancer in two patient populations with different survival outcomes br / Number of assays: 100 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Histology, Survival Time br / Last update: 12-08-2015 br / 
 Transcription profiling by array of human dendritic cells and macrophages infected with Mycobacterium tuberculosis   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling by array of human dendritic cells and macrophages infected with Mycobacterium tuberculosis br / Number of assays: 72 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome HG-U133A [HG-U133A] br / Experimental factors: Cell Type, Infect, Time br / Last update: 22-10-2015 br / 
 A Novel Model of Common TLR4- and Injury induced transcriptional themes in Human Leukocytes (supported by NIH grant GM34695)   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: A Novel Model of Common TLR4- and Injury induced transcriptional themes in Human Leukocytes (supported by NIH grant GM34695) br / Number of assays: 36 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome Focus Array [HG-Focus] br / Experimental factors: Clinical Information, Treatment br / Last update: 15-09-2015 br / 
 Transcription profiling by array of human hepatocellular carcinoma cells overexpressing the transcription factor Late SV40 Factor   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling by array of human hepatocellular carcinoma cells overexpressing the transcription factor Late SV40 Factor br / Number of assays: 6 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133A 2.0 [HG-U133A\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Genotype br / Last update: 03-07-2014 br / 
 Transcription profiling by array of human breast cancer cell lines BT20 and SKBR3 comparing mock clones to SFRP1 expressing clones to determine those molecules, genes and biochemical pathways modulated after forced SFRP1 re-expression   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling by array of human breast cancer cell lines BT20 and SKBR3 comparing mock clones to SFRP1 expressing clones to determine those molecules, genes and biochemical pathways modulated after forced SFRP1 re-expression br / Number of assays: 20 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Cell Line, Genotype br / Last update: 22-06-2015 br / 
 Transcription profiling by array of human peripheral blood gamma-delta T cells stimulated with HMB-PP or OKT-3   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling by array of human peripheral blood gamma-delta T cells stimulated with HMB-PP or OKT-3 br / Number of assays: 9 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Compound br / Last update: 22-10-2015 br / 
 Transcription profiling by array of human pancreatic tumors   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling by array of human pancreatic tumors br / Number of assays: 52 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Disease br / Last update: 27-07-2015 br / 
 Transcription profiling of pterygium and cornea   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling of pterygium and cornea br / Number of assays: 12 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome HG-U133A [HG-U133A] br / Experimental factors: Disease br / Last update: 15-09-2015 br / 
 Transcription profiling by array of human adrenal gland aldosterone-producing adenoma   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling by array of human adrenal gland aldosterone-producing adenoma br / Number of assays: 15 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Disease br / Last update: 03-07-2014 br / 
 Gene expression in human endometrial cancer tissues and serous papillary endometrial cancer cell line, SPAC-1L, treated by STAT1-siRNA and/or IFN-gamma   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Gene expression in human endometrial cancer tissues and serous papillary endometrial cancer cell line, SPAC-1L, treated by STAT1-siRNA and/or IFN-gamma br / Number of assays: 12 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: RNA Interference, Compound, Tumor Grading br / Last update: 07-08-2015 br / 
 Transcription profiling by array of histologically-normal human breast tissue   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling by array of histologically-normal human breast tissue br / Number of assays: 184 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Disease br / Last update: 07-08-2015 br / 
 Transcription profiling by array of human primary hepatocytes after treatment with pirinixic acid   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling by array of human primary hepatocytes after treatment with pirinixic acid br / Number of assays: 24 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Compound, Time br / Last update: 29-07-2015 br / 
 Multiple Salivary Biomarkers for Early Detection of Pancreatic Cancer   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Multiple Salivary Biomarkers for Early Detection of Pancreatic Cancer br / Number of assays: 23 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Disease br / Last update: 06-08-2015 br / 
 Transcription profiling by array of human HEK cells expressing wild type NOD2 or the Crohn's-associated NOD2 variant (L1007fsinsC) under stimulation of bacterial cell wall component muramyl dipeptide (MDP) over a 6-hour time course   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling by array of human HEK cells expressing wild type NOD2 or the Crohn's-associated NOD2 variant (L1007fsinsC) under stimulation of bacterial cell wall component muramyl dipeptide (MDP) over a 6-hour time course br / Number of assays: 27 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Genotype, Time br / Last update: 15-10-2014 br / 
 Altered levels of MOF and decreased levels of H4K16ac correlate with a defective DNA damage response (DDR)   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Altered levels of MOF and decreased levels of H4K16ac correlate with a defective DNA damage response (DDR) br / Number of assays: 9 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Phenotype br / Last update: 15-09-2015 br / 
 Whole transcriptome analysis of erlotinib treatment in EGFR-mutant cells   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Whole transcriptome analysis of erlotinib treatment in EGFR-mutant cells br / Number of assays: 12 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Compound, Time br / Last update: 22-10-2015 br / 
 Expression data for HT29 cells treated with 5-aza-deoxy-cytidine [Affymetrix]   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Expression data for HT29 cells treated with 5-aza-deoxy-cytidine [Affymetrix] br / Number of assays: 9 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Compound br / Last update: 08-07-2015 br / 
 Transcription profiling by array of human SH-SY5Y cells transfected with an MeCP2 transcriptional repressor   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling by array of human SH-SY5Y cells transfected with an MeCP2 transcriptional repressor br / Number of assays: 12 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Developmental Stage, Genotype br / Last update: 15-08-2014 br / 
 Endocrine response in invasive lobular carcinoma is characterized by unique estrogen-mediated gene expression and de novo tamoxifen resistance (MM134)   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Endocrine response in invasive lobular carcinoma is characterized by unique estrogen-mediated gene expression and de novo tamoxifen resistance (MM134) br / Number of assays: 20 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133A 2.0 [HG-U133A\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Time, Treatment br / Last update: 25-08-2015 br / 
 Genes regulated by miR-145   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Genes regulated by miR-145 br / Number of assays: 6 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Treatment br / Last update: 07-08-2015 br / 
 Differential gene expression profiles between SUM149 cells transfected with control siRNA and SUM149 cells transfected with siRNA targeting tarzarotene-induced gene 1 (TIG1)   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Differential gene expression profiles between SUM149 cells transfected with control siRNA and SUM149 cells transfected with siRNA targeting tarzarotene-induced gene 1 (TIG1) br / Number of assays: 6 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: RNA Interference br / Last update: 25-08-2015 br / 
 Transcription profiling by array of human hepatitis C virus replicon cells after treatment with interferon-alpha 2a   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling by array of human hepatitis C virus replicon cells after treatment with interferon-alpha 2a br / Number of assays: 24 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133A 2.0 [HG-U133A\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Compound, Time br / Last update: 22-10-2015 br / 
 Transcription profiling by array of human T lymphocytes after interleukin 2 deprivation   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling by array of human T lymphocytes after interleukin 2 deprivation br / Number of assays: 18 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Cell Type, Disease, Growth Condition, Organism Part br / Last update: 28-08-2015 br / 
 IL-17A is an essential cytokine to sustain pathogenic cell activation and inflammatory gene circuits in psoriasis vulgaris   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: IL-17A is an essential cytokine to sustain pathogenic cell activation and inflammatory gene circuits in psoriasis vulgaris br / Number of assays: 30 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133A 2.0 [HG-U133A\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Compound, Time br / Last update: 23-07-2015 br / 
 Transcription profiling by array of human Ect1 ectocervical epithelials cells treated with seminal plasma or transforming growth factor-beta 3   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling by array of human Ect1 ectocervical epithelials cells treated with seminal plasma or transforming growth factor-beta 3 br / Number of assays: 12 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Growth Condition br / Last update: 03-07-2014 br / 
 Microarray characterization of gene expression changes in blood during acute ethanol exposure   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Microarray characterization of gene expression changes in blood during acute ethanol exposure br / Number of assays: 54 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Sampling Time Point, Treatment br / Last update: 07-08-2015 br / 
 Expression profile of shERK1, shERK2, shERK5 and shControl HMESO cells   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Expression profile of shERK1, shERK2, shERK5 and shControl HMESO cells br / Number of assays: 18 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133A 2.0 [HG-U133A\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Disease, Genotype br / Last update: 15-09-2015 br / 
 Human Alopecia Areata Skin Profiling   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Human Alopecia Areata Skin Profiling br / Number of assays: 10 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Phenotype br / Last update: 20-07-2015 br / 
 Transcription profiling of human muscle biopsies from pre-treatment dermatomyostitis patients vs. normal controls to define molecular pathways in muscle of myositis patients   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling of human muscle biopsies from pre-treatment dermatomyostitis patients vs. normal controls to define molecular pathways in muscle of myositis patients br / Number of assays: 9 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome HG-U133A [HG-U133A] br / Experimental factors: Disease br / Last update: 13-10-2015 br / 
 Transcription profiling by array of HeLa cells after treatment with casiopeina II-gly   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling by array of HeLa cells after treatment with casiopeina II-gly br / Number of assays: 6 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Compound br / Last update: 03-07-2014 br / 
 Transcription profiling by array of parotid tissue from Primary Sjögren’s Syndrome and controls   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling by array of parotid tissue from Primary Sjögren’s Syndrome and controls br / Number of assays: 49 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Block, Disease br / Last update: 30-09-2015 br / 
 Transcription profiling by array of human MCF7 cells expressing FOXP3   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling by array of human MCF7 cells expressing FOXP3 br / Number of assays: 10 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Phenotype br / Last update: 03-07-2014 br / 
 Gene expression data from MDA-MB231 cells stably transduced with lentiviral vectors encoding a control shRNA (shscramble) or two shRNAs targeting Coco (shco2 and shco4)   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Gene expression data from MDA-MB231 cells stably transduced with lentiviral vectors encoding a control shRNA (shscramble) or two shRNAs targeting Coco (shco2 and shco4) br / Number of assays: 9 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133A 2.0 [HG-U133A\ 2] br / Experimental factors: RNA Interference br / Last update: 12-08-2015 br / 
 Gene expression in psoriasis lesions and uninvolved skin   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Gene expression in psoriasis lesions and uninvolved skin br / Number of assays: 7 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Clinical Information br / Last update: 27-07-2015 br / 
 Effects of exercise on gene expression level in human monocytes   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Effects of exercise on gene expression level in human monocytes br / Number of assays: 24 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Stimulus br / Last update: 31-07-2015 br / 
 Transcription profiling by array of human HeLa cells treated with the major listerial toxin listeriolysin   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling by array of human HeLa cells treated with the major listerial toxin listeriolysin br / Number of assays: 6 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Compound br / Last update: 03-07-2014 br / 
 Comparison of gene expression profiles of HT29 cells treated with Instant Caffeinated Coffee or Caffeic Acid versus control   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Comparison of gene expression profiles of HT29 cells treated with Instant Caffeinated Coffee or Caffeic Acid versus control br / Number of assays: 9 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Compound br / Last update: 18-08-2015 br / 
 Transcription profiling by array of human vulvar epithelial neoplasia   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling by array of human vulvar epithelial neoplasia br / Number of assays: 19 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Disease br / Last update: 03-07-2014 br / 
 Transcription profiling of human macrophages from ankylosing spondylitis patients reveals interferon-gamma dysregulation   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling of human macrophages from ankylosing spondylitis patients reveals interferon-gamma dysregulation br / Number of assays: 33 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Compound, Disease br / Last update: 27-08-2015 br / 
 Transcription profiling by array of human gingival epithelial cells infected with Fusobacterium nucleatum or Streptococcus gordonii   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling by array of human gingival epithelial cells infected with Fusobacterium nucleatum or Streptococcus gordonii br / Number of assays: 11 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome HG-U133A [HG-U133A] br / Experimental factors: Infect br / Last update: 03-07-2014 br / 
 AK2 deficiency affects human hematopoiesis   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: AK2 deficiency affects human hematopoiesis br / Number of assays: 12 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: RNA Interference br / Last update: 03-07-2014 br / 
 Gene expression profile of OSCC, oral dysplasia, and normal oral tissue   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Gene expression profile of OSCC, oral dysplasia, and normal oral tissue br / Number of assays: 229 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Disease Staging br / Last update: 17-08-2015 br / 
 Transcription profiling by array of human myocardial tissue before and after ventricular assist device support   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling by array of human myocardial tissue before and after ventricular assist device support br / Number of assays: 68 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Clinical Treatment, Disease br / Last update: 15-09-2015 br / 
 Transcription profiling of human airway epithelial cell-conditioned monocyte-derive dendritic cells   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling of human airway epithelial cell-conditioned monocyte-derive dendritic cells br / Number of assays: 10 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Growth Condition br / Last update: 03-07-2014 br / 
 Transcription profiling by array of human fetal gammadelta T cells infected with cytomegalovirus   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling by array of human fetal gammadelta T cells infected with cytomegalovirus br / Number of assays: 6 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Disease br / Last update: 16-08-2014 br / 
 Transcription profiling by array of lesional and non-lesional skin from atopic dermatitis patients and healthy individuals   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling by array of lesional and non-lesional skin from atopic dermatitis patients and healthy individuals br / Number of assays: 32 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Disease, Phenotype br / Last update: 19-05-2016 br / 
 Transcription profiling by array of CDC7 siRNA knockdown in human embryonic lung fibroblasts   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling by array of CDC7 siRNA knockdown in human embryonic lung fibroblasts br / Number of assays: 10 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: RNA Interference br / Last update: 22-10-2015 br / 
 Identification of human miR-22-responsive transcripts in MCF7 cells   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Identification of human miR-22-responsive transcripts in MCF7 cells br / Number of assays: 6 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Treatment br / Last update: 06-08-2015 br / 
 Beta-catenin target genes in colorectal carcinoma cell lines with deregulated Wnt/beta-catenin signaling   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Beta-catenin target genes in colorectal carcinoma cell lines with deregulated Wnt/beta-catenin signaling br / Number of assays: 12 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: RNA Interference, Cell Line br / Last update: 17-01-2015 br / 
 Transcription profiling by array of human activated B cells, plasmablasts and plasma cells compared to memory B cells   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling by array of human activated B cells, plasmablasts and plasma cells compared to memory B cells br / Number of assays: 20 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Cell Type br / Last update: 22-10-2015 br / 
 Transcription profiling of human B lineage chronic lymphocytic leukemia, normal B, and normal T cells treated with rolipram, a PDE4 inhibitor   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling of human B lineage chronic lymphocytic leukemia, normal B, and normal T cells treated with rolipram, a PDE4 inhibitor br / Number of assays: 24 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Cell Type, Compound, Disease br / Last update: 28-08-2015 br / 
 Transcription profiling by array of human umbilical cord mesenchymal stem cells treated with inflammatory serum   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling by array of human umbilical cord mesenchymal stem cells treated with inflammatory serum br / Number of assays: 6 br / Technology: Agilent Human Gene Expression 4x44K v2 Microarray 026652 G4845A br / Experimental factors: Growth Condition br / Last update: 19-05-2016 br / 
 Transcription profiling by array of paired cerebrospinal fluid and peripheral blood lymphocyte samples from multiple sclerosis patients and controls with other non-inflammatory neurological disorders   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling by array of paired cerebrospinal fluid and peripheral blood lymphocyte samples from multiple sclerosis patients and controls with other non-inflammatory neurological disorders br / Number of assays: 86 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Disease, Organism Part br / Last update: 23-10-2015 br / 
 Transcription profiling by array of patients with ASXL1 mutations in cytogenetically normal acute myeloid leukemia   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling by array of patients with ASXL1 mutations in cytogenetically normal acute myeloid leukemia br / Number of assays: 65 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Genotype br / Last update: 02-11-2015 br / 
 Transcription profiling by array of SW480 cells that were infected with control or gankyrin shRNA   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling by array of SW480 cells that were infected with control or gankyrin shRNA br / Number of assays: 6 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: RNA Interference br / Last update: 10-07-2014 br / 
 Gene expression of blood samples from pediatric and adult patients with severe burns collected at an early and middle stage after injury   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Gene expression of blood samples from pediatric and adult patients with severe burns collected at an early and middle stage after injury br / Number of assays: 169 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Developmental Stage, Injury, Sampling Time Point br / Last update: 09-09-2015 br / 
 Transcription profiling of skin from vitiligo patients and healthy volunteers reveals the WNT pathway as a target for re-pigmenting vitiligo lesions   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling of skin from vitiligo patients and healthy volunteers reveals the WNT pathway as a target for re-pigmenting vitiligo lesions br / Number of assays: 40 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Biopsy Site, Disease br / Last update: 09-06-2016 br / 
 Hepatocytes-HepaRG reprogramming   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Hepatocytes-HepaRG reprogramming br / Number of assays: 24 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome HG-U133A [HG-U133A] br / Experimental factors: Time br / Last update: 31-07-2015 br / 
 The gene expression response of MCF7 and MDAMB231 to glutamine deprivation   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: The gene expression response of MCF7 and MDAMB231 to glutamine deprivation br / Number of assays: 12 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133A 2.0 [HG-U133A\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Cell Line, Compound br / Last update: 12-08-2015 br / 
 Transcription profiling by array of human T24 bladder cancer cells in response to hypericin-mediated photodynamic therapy in the absence or presence of the p38 MAPK inhibitor PD169316   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling by array of human T24 bladder cancer cells in response to hypericin-mediated photodynamic therapy in the absence or presence of the p38 MAPK inhibitor PD169316 br / Number of assays: 16 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome HG-U133A [HG-U133A] br / Experimental factors: Irradiate br / Last update: 16-08-2014 br / 
 Transcription profiling by array of human mammary epithelial cells (HMEC) stimulated with TNF vs. controls reveals TNF induces distinct expression programs   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling by array of human mammary epithelial cells (HMEC) stimulated with TNF vs. controls reveals TNF induces distinct expression programs br / Number of assays: 6 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome HG-U133A [HG-U133A] br / Experimental factors: Compound br / Last update: 15-08-2014 br / 
 Gene expression profiles of MCF-7 cells treated with Si-Wu-Tang, estradiol and ferulic acid   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Gene expression profiles of MCF-7 cells treated with Si-Wu-Tang, estradiol and ferulic acid br / Number of assays: 24 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Treatment br / Last update: 07-08-2015 br / 
 Transcription profiling by array of human MCF-7 breast cancer cells   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling by array of human MCF-7 breast cancer cells br / Number of assays: 15 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Compound, Genotype br / Last update: 06-08-2015 br / 
 Gene expression profile of siRNA REST knockdown in primary myometrial smooth muscle cells   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Gene expression profile of siRNA REST knockdown in primary myometrial smooth muscle cells br / Number of assays: 9 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Disease, Genotype br / Last update: 12-10-2015 br / 
 Suktitipat et al 2014 Thai population control set (3,017 individuals from 7 GWAS studies) using the Illumina SNP array
 McCarroll et al 2008 We sought to develop hybrid oligonucleotide microarrays to accurately analyze SNPs and copy number variation simultaneously; to use these arrays to map the genomic locations, allele frequencies and population-genetic properties of human CNPs; and to apply this knowledge to advance strategies for querying CNV in genome-wide association studies.
 phs000687.v1.p1 - Bulgarian Schizophrenia Trio Sequencing Study   dbGaP Study Information:       Type of study: Parent-Offspring Trios   Study design: Family/Twin/Trios     br / Number of documents: 0   Number of variables: 24   Number of participants: 1826   Number of analyses: 0     br / Projects in this study:   National Institute of Mental Health    Diseases:   Schizophrenia   Schizophrenia      br / Technology used in this study:   Agilent SureSelect Human All Exon v.2 Kit   Agilent SureSelect Human All Exon v3 - 50Mb   Roche NimbleGen SeqCap EZ Human Exome Library v2.0       Assay types used:   SNP Genotypes (NGS)   Whole Exome (NGS)       
 Transcription profiling of human MCF-7 cells with inducible LMO4 and DN-Clim expression   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling of human MCF-7 cells with inducible LMO4 and DN-Clim expression br / Number of assays: 18 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome HG-U133A [HG-U133A], Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome HG-U133B [HG-U133B], Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Phenotype br / Last update: 26-06-2015 br / 
 E-GEOD-16171 - Effect of Ovarian Hormone on Gene Expression in Rhesus Dorsal Raphe Nucleus with Human U95A Affymetrix Chip Small blocks of the midbrain containing the dorsal raphe nucleus was obtained from ovariectomized monkeys treated with placebo, estrogen, progesterone or estrogen plus progesterone for one month.     The RNA was extracted and hybridized to the human U95A Affymetrix chip.     Each chip represents one monkey.     N=3 monkeys per treatment.
 E-GEOD-33687 - An attenuated Lassa vaccine in SIV-infected rhesus macaques does not persist or cause renavirus disease but does elicit protective immunity Lassa fever (LF) is a rodent-borne viral disease that can be fatal for human beings.      In this study, an attenuated Lassa vaccine candidate, ML29, was tested in SIV-infected rhesus macaques for its ability to elicit immune responses without instigating signs of virulent disease.     ML29 is a reassortant between Lassa and Mopeia viruses that causes a transient infection in non-human primates and confers sterilizing protection from lethal Lassa viral challenge.     However, since the LF endemic area of West Africa also has high HIV seroprevalence, it is important to determine whether vaccination could be safe in the context of AIDS.    SIV-infected and uninfected rhesus macaques were vaccinated with the ML29 virus and monitored for classical and non-classical signs of arenavirus disease.      Classical disease signs included viremia, rash, weight loss, high liver enzyme levels, and virus invasion of the central nervous system.      Non-classical signs derived from profiling the blood transcriptome of virulent and non-virulent arenavirus infections included increased expression of interferon response genes and decreased expression of COX2, IL-1?, coagulation intermediates and nuclear receptors needed for stress signaling.      Here it is demonstrated that SIV-infected and uninfected rhesus macaques responded similarly to ML29 vaccination, and that none developed signs of arenavirus disease or persistence.     Furthermore, 5 of 5 animals given a heterologous challenge with a lethal dose of LCMV-WE survived without developing disease signs.     30 RNA samples from Monkey PBMC: 4 uninf.     Monkey PBMC, 8 SIV-infected Monkey PBMC(From 8 Monkeys), 5 SIV+ML29-sc infected week1(Monkey PBMC), 5 SIV+ML29-sc infected week2(Monkey PBMC), 1 SIV+ML29-ig infected week1(Monkey PBMC),  1 SIV+ML29-ig infected week2(Monkey PBMC), 2 SIV+Arm-sc infected week1(Monkey PBMC), 2 SIV+Arm-sc infected week2(Monkey PBMC), 1 only ML29-iv infected week1(Monkey PBMC), 1 only ML29-iv infected week2(Monkey PBMC)
 E-GEOD-6814 - Transcription profiling of monkey bone marrow-derived mesenchymal stem cells to examine the effect of age The objective of this study was to elucidate age-related differences in gene expression profiles of rhesus monkey bone marrow-derived mesenchymal stem cells (rhMSC) obtained from fetal, infant, and adult donors relevant to their growth and other properties.     Although a high degree of similarity was observed in the rhMSC gene expression profiles when comparing the three age groups, significant differences were found that strongly parallel gene expression profiles of human MSC. The potential functional relevance of differential gene expression was most apparent when comparing fetal and adult rhMSC transcript profiles.      Overall, the observed gene expression profiles are consistent with a loss of rhMSC pluripotency and proliferative capacity with advancing donor age.      In addition, these data highlight the importance of use of non-human primates as a model system for studying the properties of human stem cells.     Experiment Overall Design: A total of eleven bone marrow-derived mesenchymal stem cell cultures were established from rhesus monkeys of diverse ages (ranging from gestation day 120 to 8 year old adults).  Total RNA was harvested from these cultures and gene expression analyses were conducted using oligonucleotide microarrays.     The expression profiles of a subset of genes was confirmed by qRT-PCR analysis.      A detailed manuscript that details the results of our studies is currently under review.
 E-GEOD-35397 - Host response and dysfunction in the CNS during chronic simian immunodeficiency virus infection Molecular basis for CNS dysfunction in simian immunodeficiency virus-infected rhesus monkeys.     We used microarrays to identify differentially expressed genes in chronic simian immunodeficiency virus-infected rhesus monkeys.     Frontal lobe samples were obtained from control and SIV infected animals for RNA extraction and hybridization on Affymetrix microarrays.     We sought to better understand the gene that changes in gene expression with SIV infection in the frontal lobe.
 E-GEOD-21779 - Gene expression data from temporal cortex of young adult, old and AD-like Microcebus murinus Aging is the primary risk factor of neurodegenerative disorders such as Alzheimer's disease (AD). However, the molecular events occurring during brain aging are extremely complex and still largely unknown.     For a better understanding of these age-associated modifications, animal models as close as possible to humans are needed.     We thus analyzed the transcriptome of the temporal cortex of the primate Microcebus murinus using human oligonucleotide microarrays (Affymetrix). Gene expression profiles were assessed in the temporal cortex of 6 young adults, 10 healthy old animals and 2 old, &quot;AD-like&quot; animals that presented b-amyloid plaques and cortical atrophy, which are pathognomonic signs of AD in humans.     Gene expression data of the 14,911 genes that were detected in at least 3 samples were analyzed.     By SAM (significance analysis of microarrays), we identified 47 genes that discriminated young from healthy old and &quot;AD-like&quot; animals.     These findings were confirmed by principal component analysis (PCA). ANOVA of the expression data from the three groups identified 695 genes (including the 47 genes previously identified by SAM and PCA) with significant changes of expression in old and &quot;AD-like&quot; in comparison to young animals.     About one third of these genes showed similar changes of expression in healthy aging and in “AD-like” animals, whereas more than two thirds showed opposite changes in these two groups in comparison to young animals.     Hierarchical clustering analysis of the 695 markers indicated that each group had distinct expression profiles which characterized each group, especially the &quot;AD-like&quot; group.      Functional categorization showed that most of the genes that were up-regulated in healthy old and down-regulated in &quot;AD-like&quot; animals belonged to metabolic pathways, particularly protein synthesis.     These data suggest the existence of compensatory mechanisms during physiological brain aging that disappear in “AD-like” animals.     These results open the way to new exploration of physiological and “AD-like” aging in primates.     Microcebus murinus were divided in 3 groups: the first group included 6 young adults (4 females and 2 males), the second included 10 healthy old animals (7 females and 3 males) and the third one was composed by 2 &quot;AD-like&quot; old females.     Since Microcebus murinus microarrays do not exist, we decided to use Affymetrix human genome chips (HG U133 plus 2), since studies have illustrated the feasibility of detecting non-human primate brain transcripts using human genome chips.
 E-GEOD-27850 - HAV acute infection in chimpanzees Hepatitis A virus (HAV) is a hepatotropic human picornavirus that has been associated only with acute infection.     Its pathogenesis is not well understood since there have been few recent studies in animal models using modern methodologies.     We characterized HAV infections in three chimpanzees, quantifying viral RNA by qRT-PCR and examining critical aspects of the innate immune response including intrahepatic interferon-stimulated gene expression.     We compared these infection profiles with similar studies of chimpanzees infected with hepatitis C virus (HCV), a hepatotropic flavivirus that frequently causes persistent infection.     Surprisingly, HAV-infected animals exhibited very limited induction of type I interferon-stimulated genes in the liver compared to chimpanzees with acute resolving HCV infection, despite similar levels of viremia and 100-fold greater quantities of viral RNA in the liver.     Minimal ISG15 and IFIT1 responses peaked 1-2 weeks after HAV challenge, then subsided despite continuing high hepatic viral loads.     An acute inflammatory response at 3-4 weeks correlated with the appearance of virus-specific antibodies, and both apoptosis and proliferation of hepatocytes.     Despite this, HAV RNA persisted in the liver for months, remaining present long after its clearance from serum and feces and revealing dramatic differences in the kinetics of clearance in the three compartments.     Viral RNA was detected in the liver for significantly longer (35 to  48 weeks) than HCV RNA in animals with acute resolving HCV infection (10-20 weeks). Collectively, these findings suggest that early HAV infection is far stealthier than HCV infection and represents a distinctly different paradigm in viral-host interactions within the liver.     Chimpanzee liver was biopsied during an acute HAV infection.     Chimp 1 and 2 had two baseline samples.     Chimp 3 used the baselines from chimps 1 and 2. Chimp 1 had 8 samples during the HAV acute infection.     Chimp 2 had 9 samples during the HAV acute infection.     Chimp 3 had 4 samples during the HAV acute infection.
 E-GEOD-37186 - Effects of equol on gene expression in female cynomolgus monkey iliac arteries Objective:  To examine the effects of the phytoestrogen metabolite, equol, on gene expression in the monkey iliac artery.     Design:  Eight ovariectomized cynomolgus monkeys were on a high fat diet for 6.5 years.      The left iliac artery was biopsied prior to randomization to equol (0.0237 g/100 g chow, n=4) or vehicle (n=4) for 8 months.      The right iliac artery was obtained at necropsy.      Gene expression in the iliac arteries in response to equol was determined by DNA microarray and confirmed by real time RT-PCR. Results:  Atherosclerotic lesions in the iliac arteries ranged in size from 0.113-1.003 mm2 in equol-treated animals and from 0-0.873 mm2 in control animals.      59 genes were down-regulated and 279 were up-regulated in response to equol.      Comparison of these data to previous work identified 10 genes regulated in opposite directions by equol compared to presence of atherosclerosis plaque.      55 genes were differentially expressed in the same direction in response to both equol and estradiol.     Conclusions:  Similar responses of genes to both equol and estradiol may reflect the extent to which equol serves as a natural selective estrogen receptor modulator in the arteries.      Opposite responses of 10 genes to equol versus the presence of atherosclerosis implicates those genes in the potential protective effects of equol in the vasculature.     Experiment Design: Goal of the experiment:  To examine differential gene expression in the iliac arteries of ovariectomized cynomolgous monkeys on a high fat diet in response to treatment with equol.      Brief description of the experiment: Objective:  To examine the effects of the phytoestrogen metabolite, equol, on gene expression in the monkey iliac artery.     Design:  Four ovariectomized cynomolgous monkeys were on a high fat diet for 6.5 years.      The left iliac artery was biopsied prior to randomization to equol (0.0237 g/100 g chow, n=4 or vehicle (n=4) for 8 months.      The right iliac artery was obtained at necropsy.      Gene expression in response to equol was determined by CodeLink Whole Human Genome DNA microarrays and confirmed by real time RT-PCR. Results:  Atherosclerotic lesions in the iliac arteries ranged in size from 0.113-1.003 mm2 (mean 0.512 ± 0.19 mm2) in pretreatment arteries and 0.025-1.217 mm2 (mean 0.748 ± 0.22 mm2) post-equol treatment.      59 genes were down-regulated and 279 were up-regulated in response to equol.      Comparison of these data to previous work identified 10 genes regulated in opposite directions by equol compared to presence of atherosclerosis plaque.      55 genes were differentially expressed in the same direction in response to both equol and estradiol.     Conclusions:  Similar responses of genes to both equol and estradiol may reflect the extent to which equol serves as a natural selective estrogen receptor modulator in the arteries.      Opposite responses of 10 genes to equol versus the presence of atherosclerosis implicates those genes in the potential protective effects of equol in the vasculature.      Keywords:  nonhuman primate, equol treatment, soy isoflavones  Experimental factors:  equol treatment  Experimental design:  Female cynomolgous monkeys (n=4) had been ovariectomized for 4 years and on a high fat diet for 6.5 years.     The left iliac artery was removed at surgical biopsy.      Animals were treated with equol for 8 months, then necropsied.      The right iliac artery was obtained at necropsy.      The presence and size of atherosclerotic plaque was quantified in the iliac arteries.      Arterial tissue from the iliac arteries was used for DNA microarray analysis of gene expression.      Quality control steps:  The cRNA that was synthesized from each iliac artery was used for hybridization to a single CodeLink (Applied Microarrays, Tempe, AZ) whole human microarray.      Only one sample was hybridized with each slide and only one dye (Alexa 647) was used so no dye swaps were necessary.      Bacterial control spikes were used as per manufacturer's instructions.      Samples used, extract preparation and labeling: The origin of each biological sample:  The samples were iliac arterial tissue from cynomolgous monkeys.      Manipulations of biological samples and protocols used:  Cynomolgous monkeys were placed on a high fat diet 6.5 years before the experiment and ovariectomized 4 years prior to the experiment to induce a surgical menopause.      The left iliac artery was surgically removed from each animal in the study before treatment with equol, the the right iliac artery was removed after the treatment period at necropsy.      The presence and size of atherosclerotic plaque was quantified in the iliac arteries  Experimental factor:  hormone treatment  Technical protocols:  The iliac arteries were homogenized in TRI reagent, bromochloropropane and sodium acetate were added, and the samples were centrifuged to separate the phases.      The RNA-containing layer was removed and the RNA purified on an RNeasy extraction column (Qiagen).  The sample was treated with an on-column DNase treatment (RNase-free DNase, Qiagen).  The purity and quantity of RNA were evaluated by an Agilent Bioanalyzer using the RNA 6000 Nanoassay LabChip.      Labeled cRNA was prepared using the MessageAmp II-Biotin enhanced kit (Ambion).  0.275 microgram of total iliac artery RNA was mixed with bacterial control RNA spikes and primed with T7 oligo(dT) primer for 10 min at 70C.  (The bacterial control spikes included araB, entF, fixB, gnd, hisB, and leuB.)  The first strand of cDNA was synthesized with first strand buffer, dNTP mix, RNase inhibitor, and reverse transcriptase for 2 h at 42C.  The second strand cDNA synthesis reaction was prepared using second strand buffer, dNTP mix, DNA polymerase mix, and RNase H; the reaction was carried out for 2h at 16C.  The double-stranded cDNA was purified on QIAquick columns (Qiagen) and the eluent was dried down in a SpeedVac concentrator.      The double-stranded cDNA was resuspended in a mixture containing T7 reaction buffer, T7 ATP, T7 GTP, T7 UTP, T7 CTP, biotin-11-UTP, and T7 enzyme mix for the synthesis of cRNA.  The cRNA synthesis reaction was terminated after 14h at 37C by purifying the cRNA on RNeasy columns (Qiagen).  The concentration of cRNA was determined by spectrophotometry.      Hybridization procedures and parameters:  10 micrograms of cRNA was mixed with fragmentation buffer and heated to 94C for 20 min.      The fragmented cRNA was mixed with CodeLink hybridization buffer, loaded on the microarray slides, and hybridized for 18 hours at 37C. The slides were washed in 0.75x TNT (Tris-HCl, NaCl, Tween-20) at 46C for 1h then incubated with streptavidin-Alexa 647 fluorescent dye for 30 min at room temperature.      The Alexa fluor was prepared in TNB blocking buffer (0.1M Tris-HCl, 0.15M NaCL, 0.5% NEN Blocking Reagent-PerkinElmer)  The slides were then washed 4 times for 5 min each in 1x TNT and twice in 0.05% Tween 20 for 5 sec each.      The slides were dried by centrifugation and scanned in an Axon GenePix 4000B scanner.
 E-GEOD-56025 - The impact of calorie restriction and diet-induced obesity on microRNA expression We analyzed the impact of calorie restriction and diet-induced obesity on expression of microRNAs in the mouse colon.      For this analysis, data was LOESS normalized in R.  Data was then imported into BRB Array for analysis.     We identified microRNAs that were altered in response to calorie-restriction and diet-induced obesity Total mRNA was extracted from mouse colon tissue that was flash frozen immediately after euthaniasia.      A total of 6 colons per the three groups were used for microarray analysis.      Briefly, 5 ug of RNA were biotin labeled and hybridized to OSU-CCC microRNA microarrays version 4.0.  We then analyzed differences in expression with BRB Array.
 E-GEOD-5790 - Transcription profiling of primate blood for signs of arenavirus hemorrhagic fever Lassa fever virus is a zoonotic pathogen that plagues the endemic areas of West Africa.      Rhesus macaques infected with a related arenavirus, LCMV-WE, serve as a model for Lassa-infection of human beings.      Using a dose similar to that expected from a needle-stick, monkeys experience an early pre-viremic phase (day 1-3), a viremic phase with febrile onset (day 4-7), and, like human beings who succumb, they die within two weeks.      Our goal was to monitor changes in gene expression that parallel disease progression in an effort to 1) identify genes with altered expression after infection, 2) identify genes that could discriminate between a virulent and non-virulent infection, and 3) identify genes encoding products that could serve as treatment targets for FDA-approved pharmaceuticals.      Genes related to all three of these categories have been identified and some have been given preliminary validation by quantitative PCR and proteomic studies.      These genes will be valuable candidates for future validation as prognostic biomarkers; We used microarrays to detail the global programme of gene expression underlying cellularisation and identified distinct classes of up-regulated genes during this process.     Experiment Overall Design: Rhesus macaques inoculated with a lethal dose of LCMV-WE were used to model human infection with Lassa fever virus (Lukashevich et al 2002, 2003; Rodas et al 2004).  To identify molecular events that occur during the first few days of virus exposure, we monitored gene expression in peripheral blood mononuclear cell (PBMC) samples by microarray analysis.      Approximately 150 samples from 23 different rhesus macaques (Table 1) were hybridized to Affymetrix U133 chips.     Experiment Overall Design: Affymetrix U133 arrays cover the entire human genome with approximately 54,000 gene fragments representing approximately 22,000 genes.      The use of these human arrays for macaque transcriptome analysis has been validated by other laboratories (Ace et al, 2004 Wang et al, 2004), i.e. 99.8% of the array elements for which human DNA gave a signal  1.4-fold over background were also  1.4 over background for macaque DNA (Rubins et al, 2004).  LCMV-infected blood samples were compared to uninfected controls and genes with over two-fold change in expression were designated “differentially expressed” (Fig. 1).  Thus, out of 54,000 elements, 8410 (16%) were differentially regulated with a  2-fold change in expression [supplementary Table 1 has these genes in order of the magnitude of their differential expression]. Experiment Overall Design: Virus was detectable in these monkeys at day 4 after infection by plaque assay and by RT-PCR of blood cDNA (Djavani et al 2005).  Although virus is replicating in monocytes, endothelial cells, liver, spleen, and peripheral lymphoid organs soon after inoculation (Rai et al, 1997; Lukashevich et al, 2002), virus is not detectable in the circulation for the first three days.      Thus we define the early, pre-viremic stage as days 1-3, and a later viremic stage as days 4-7.  Although the LCMV-Armstrong strain replicated as well in cell culture as LCMV-WE, the LCMV-Arm-infected monkeys did not experience viremia, i.e. viral nucleic acid were detected in tissues but virus loads were not high enough to be detected in the circulation.      The Arm-infected monkeys resisted a lethal challenge with LCMV-WE, further confirming that they had been productively infected (Rodas et al, 2004).  An overview of gene expression in monkeys shows a trend to down-regulate genes at the onset of viremia followed by a sharp increase in up-regulated genes.      Those monkeys that did not experience viremia (Armstrong-infected) showed no dramatic down-regulation trend (Fig. 1).  Over the entire study period of 7 days, the number of down-regulated genes in the WE-infected macaques was significantly more than the number seen in the Arm-infected monkeys (p   0.005).
 E-GEOD-59473 - Gene expression profiles at the day 5 blastocyst implantation and interimplantation sites of the hamster [human array] Current knowledge of the molecular regulation of the blastocyst implantation event has been largely derived from studies in the mouse that requires ovarian estrogen for initiation of the implantation event.     However, there are species such as the hamster, guinea pig, pig, horse, rhesus monkey and perhaps the human where the blastocyst implantation event initiates only in the progesterone-primed uterus.     Despite this fundamental difference in the requirement of ovarian hormones in initiating blastocyst implantation among species, efforts to identify gene networks relevant for the blastocyst implantation event in progesterone–dependent species are limited.     In this study, cDNA prepared from RNAs of day 5 blastocyst implantation and interimplantation sites were hybridized with mouse and human oligonucleotide microarray platforms to discern the transcriptional networks underlying the regulation of blastocyst implantation in hamsters.     Compared with the inter-implantation site, blastocyst implantation sites showed upregulation and downregulation of a sizable number of genes by both cross-species arrays.The merit of the cross-species hybridization and reliability of the identified up- and down-regulated genes at the implantation sites were validated by detecting differential expression of a few randomly selected genes from both arrays by real-time PCR. Function gene ontology and pathway analysis revealed that differentially expressed genes are associated with several biological events and molecular pathways that are likely to be taking place at the blastocyst implantation site.     This is the first study that identified the differential gene expression profile at the blastocyst implantation site of the hamsters, and revealed molecular pathways that are possibly associated with the progesterone-dependent blastocyst implantation process.     We used microarrays to detail the expression differences in hamster implantation and interimplantation sites.     Total RNAs were prepared from the hamster day 5 blastocyst implantation and interimplantation sites.     Three sets of RNAs were isolated from three different animals and were subjected to microarray analysis using Affymetrix mouse and human array platforms.
 E-GEOD-48311 - Time-dependent changes in gene expression after endotoxinic challenge followed by LR12-scrambled or LR12 treatment. Gene expression assessment in blood from male Cynomolgus monkey after endotoxin challenge followed by intravenous infusion with peptide control (LR12-scrambled) or LR12. The samples were analyzed at different time-points:  0,  2, 4 and 8 hours 56 samples : 4 time points, 4 vehicle samples/time point, 4  peptide control samples/time point, 6 LR12 samples/time point
 E-GEOD-5176 - Transcription profiling of marmoset laser capture microdissected suprachiasmatic nucleus after a single administration of MPTP We have previously detected cyclin D1-initiated and p53-related (PERP; p53 apoptosis-associated target) cell death in a striatal 6-hydroxydopamine (6-OHDA)-treated Parkinsonian mouse model by adaptor-tagged competitive PCR (ATAC-PCR) (Synapse 51, 279-286, 2004). In order to establish the mechanism of dopaminergic cell death in Parkinson’s disease, various Parkinsonian animal models should be studied.     Therefore, the time-course alteration of gene expression in the substantia nigra pars compacta was investigated after a single administration of 1-methyl-4-phenyl-1,2,3,6-tetrahydropyridine (MPTP) in common marmosets.     In the MPTP model, gene expression of neither cyclin D1 nor PERP was altered.     There were also few common alterations in gene expression between the MPTP and 6-OHDA models.     This suggests that the mechanism of cell death may differ between these models, and extensive study in various Parkinsonian models should be performed to elucidate the mechanisms of dopaminergic cell death in Parkinson’s disease.      Experiment Overall Design: Materials and methods Experiment Overall Design: 1. Animals Experiment Overall Design:            Five 3-year-old male common marmosets (Callithrix jacchus) weighing 350–400 g were used.     A single marmoset was used as a vehicle-treated control, with the rest being administered MPTP. A microarray experiment and an immunohistochemical study were performed in the same animals.     They were colonized in the Center for Life Science Resources in Kagoshima University, Japan.     Animals were housed with free access to standard food in an air-conditioned room under a constant 12 h light/dark cycle (lights on at 7:00 a.m.) at a temperature of 25–27°C and 45–55% humidity.     All efforts were made to minimize animal suffering, and to reduce the number of animals used.     The present experiments were carried out after obtaining permission from the Committee of Animal Experimentation, Kagoshima University Graduate School of Medical and Dental Sciences, Japan.     Experiment Overall Design: 2. MPTP administration Experiment Overall Design:           A single dose of MPTP was administered intravenously (i.v.) to the animals in order to examine the time-course alteration in gene expression.     As in our previous study, the dose of MPTP was 2.5 mg/kg (Nomoto et al., 1997). At this dose, animals exhibit immobility during an entire day, while doses greater than 2.5 mg/kg can induce death.     MPTP hydrochloride (Sigma, St. Louis, MO, USA) was dissolved in 0.9% saline, and administered under intraperitoneal pentobarbital anesthesia (40 mg/kg). Under deep anesthesia with pentobarbital, the animals were decapitated either at 2 h, 6 h, 1 day or 14 days after MPTP administration.     All experiments using MPTP were performed in accordance with safety guidelines (Przedborski et al., 2001). Experiment Overall Design: 3.  Laser capture microdissection Experiment Overall Design:           The midbrain of each marmoset was dissected on an ice-cold glass plate, and mounted on a specimen block with O.C.T. compound (Tissue-Tek, Sakura Finetechnical, Tokyo, Japan). The midbrains were frozen by covering them with very finely powdered dry ice.     Sections (8 μm thickness) were cut on a cryostat (Microm HM500S, Carl Zeiss Japan, Tokyo, Japan), and mounted on ice-cold, membrane-coated glass slides (Carl Zeiss Japan). The membranes on the glass slides were coated with poly-L-lysine (P8920; Sigma). Immediately after mounting, slides were cooled on dry ice and stored at –80°C for less than 3 days.     Slides were fixed in ethanol/acetate solution (19:1) at 4°C for 3 min, and washed with PBS at 4°C for 1 min.     Slides were stained with 0.1% toluidine blue at room temperature for 10 s, washed with PBS at 4°C for 10 s, and then air-dried for 5 min.     Immediately after staining, slides were processed for laser capture microdissection (LCM). Experiment Overall Design:           A Leica AS LMD (Leica Microsystems, Wetzlar, Germany) was used for LCM. SNc sections corresponded to level A4.5 of the brain atlas (Stephan et al., 1980). These sections contained transverse sections of the oculomotor nerve.     A strip of the unilateral SNc was dissected (Fig. 1). The SNcs from two slides were collected and placed in a PCR tube containing 10 μl extraction buffer of the PicoPure RNA Isolation Kit (Arcturus Bioscience, Mountain View, CA, USA).  Experiment Overall Design: 4. Microarray experiments Experiment Overall Design:           Total RNA was extracted by the PicoPure RNA Isolation Kit, and eluted in approximately 10 μl buffer, according to the manufacturer’s protocol.     In order to obtain a sufficient amount of amplified RNA (aRNA) for the microarray experiments, total RNA was amplified using two rounds of in vitro transcription.     The first round of amplification was performed using the RiboAmp HS RNA Amplification Kit (Arcturus). The second round of amplification used the Low RNA Input Fluorescent Linear Amplification Kit (Agilent Technologies, Palo Alto, CA, USA) and cyanine-3 or cyanine-5 labeling.     The labeled aRNA was hybridized with Agilent whole human genome oligo microarray G4112A. In order to correct the buffer composition in the second round of amplification using the Low RNA Input Fluorescent Linear Amplification Kit, cDNA (11 μl) that was purified in the round 2 procedure by the RiboAmp HS RNA Amplification Kit, was added to the modified transcription buffer of the Agilent kit.      Each sample contained 4 μl of 5  first strand buffer, 20 μl of 4  transcription buffer, 6 μl 0.1 M DTT, 8 μl NTP mix, 6.4 μl 50% PEG, 0.5 μl RNase inhibitor (RNase Out; Invitrogen, Carlsbad, CA, USA), 0.6 µl inorganic pyrophosphatase, 0.8 μl T7 RNA polymerase, 2.4 μl cyanine (PerkinElmer Life Sciences, Boston, MA, USA; cyanine-3 for controls and cyanine-5 for MPTP-treated marmosets), and 20.3 μl DW. Labeled aRNA was synthesized according to the instructions for the Agilent kit.     Experiment Overall Design: An Agilent 2100 bioanalyzer and an RNA 6000 Pico LabChip Kit were used to examine the length distribution of labeled aRNAs. A preliminary experiment using the protocol found in the appendices of the HistoGene LCM Immunofluorescence Staining Kit (Arcturus) was performed to determine the degree of degradation of total RNA that occurred during tissue staining.
 Dermal papilla-induced epithelial stem cell differentiation Analysis of dermal papilla (DP) induced epithelial stem cell differentiation. Keratinocyte stem cells from bulge area of telogen hair follicle co-cultured with DP over a 5 day period.
 Hydrostatic pressure-responsive genes in optic nerve head astrocytes Temporal analysis of how astrocytes in the optic nerve head (ONH) respond to changes in intraocular pressure (IOP). ONH astrocytes exposed to 60 mm Hg hydrostatic pressure for 6, 24, and 48 hours. Lends understanding to pathogenesis of glaucoma.
 Coxsackievirus B3 pathogenesis (I) Temporal analaysis of an in vitro model of coxsackievirus B3 (CVB3) infection. HeLa cells infected with either CVB3 or control PBS and samples examined at 0, 0.5, 1, 3, 5, 7 and 9 hours following treatment.
 Multiple myeloma and bone lesions Comparison of gene expression in bone marrow plasma cells of multiple myeloma patients with and without bone lesions. Osteolytic lesions increase in multiple myeloma patients.
 Postmortem skeletal muscle Transcriptional profile of normal skeletal muscle collected at autopsy compared to surgical specimens.
 Hepatitis C Virus infection effect on Huh7 hepatoma cells: time course Analysis of Huh7 hepatoma cells infected with JFH-1 Hepatitis C Virus (HCV) at 6, 12, 18, 24, and 48 hours post-infection. HCV is a leading cause of chronic liver disease. Results provide insight into molecular mechanisms that contribute to HCV-associated liver pathogenesis.
 Parkinson's disease: post-mortem medullary regions Analysis of 2 regions of PD medullas: dorsal motor nucleus of the vagus (DMNV) and inferior olivary nucleus (ION). A functional magnetic resonance imaging variant was used to identify brainstem regions targeted by (DMNV) and resistant to (ION) PD. Results provide insight into molecular basis of PD.
 Obese women with polycystic ovary syndrome and obese, healthy women: skeletal muscle Analysis of skeletal muscle from obese women with polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) and obese, healthy women. Results provide insight into whether pioglitazone ameliorates preexisting abnormalities in PCOS patients.
 Endoplasmic reticulum stress effect on lymphoblastoid cells of unrelated individuals Analysis of immortalized B cells from 60 unrelated individuals (grandparents in the HapMap CEPH-Utah pedigrees) treated in vitro with tunicamycin to induce ER stress.  ER stress induces the unfolded protein response (UPR). Results provide insight into molecular mechanisms underlying UPR response.
 Australian patient cohort: gastric adenocarcinoma Analysis of 70 primary gastric tumors representing 3 subtypes (invasive, metabolic, and proliferative) from the Australian patient cohort (AU-2). Gastric adenocarcinomas show sizable heterogeneity between patients. Results provide insight into molecular characterization of gastric cancer subtypes.
 Allergic nasal epithelium response to house dust mite allergen in vitro Analysis of cultured nasal epithelia prepared from healthy and allergic individuals following exposure to house dust mite (HDM) extract in vitro. Results provide insight into the molecular mechanisms underlying the allergic response of the nasal epithelia to allergens.
 Metastatic breast cancer cell line response to restored miR-335 expression Analysis of breast cancer LM2 cells transfected with a vector expressing microRNA miR-335. LM2 is metastatic to lung. miR-335 expression is lost as breast cancer cells develop metastatic potential. Restoring miR-335 expression inhibits metastatic cell invasion of lung cancer cells.
 Diesel exhaust inhalation effect on peripheral blood mononuclear cells: time course Analysis of peripheral blood mononuclear cells from individuals exposed to diesel exhaust (DE), a major source of urban fine particulate matter (FPM). Exposure to ambient FPM is associated with cardiovascular disease. Results provide insight into molecular mechanisms underlying such health effects.
 Estradiol effect on breast cancer cell line expressing estrogen receptor: time course Analysis of estrogen receptor (ER)-positive MCF7 breast cancer cells up to 48 hours following treatment with estradiol (E2). ERs facilitate the transcriptional effects of hormones. These results, together with ChIP-PET results, suggest potential correlations between ER binding and gene regulation.
 Atorvastatin treatment of familial combined hyperlipidemia: peripheral blood monocytes Analysis of monocytes from male, familial combined hyperlipidemia (FCH) patients following 4 wks of treatment with atorvastatin, an HMG-CoA reductase inhibitor that slows the production of cholesterol. Results provide insight into molecular mechanisms underlying the pathogenesis of FCH.
 Low-dose cadmium effect on prostate epithelial cells: time course Analysis of immortalized normal prostate epithelial cell line NPrEC exposed to non-cytotoxic levels of cadmium (2.5uM CdCl2) for up to 32hrs. Cadmium is implicated in prostate carcinogenesis. Results provide insight into mechanisms underlying the initiation of carcinogenesis by Cd in the prostate.
 Curcumin effect on oxidatively stressed monocyte cell line: time course Analysis of U937 monoctyes exposed to oxidative stress then treated for 4 or 18 hrs with curcumin, a dietary polyphenol. Curcumin restores oxidative stress impaired histone deacetylase-2 activity and corticosteroid efficacy in vitro. Results provide insight into the molecular basis of these effects.
 Cytogenetically normal acute myeloid leukemia test set Analysis of mononuclear cells from bone marrow or peripheral blood from a test set of adult patients with cytogenetically normal acute myeloid leukemia (CN-AML). CN-AML patients show heterogeneous treatment outcomes. Results provide insight into the prognostic value of a gene signature for CN-AML.
 Cigarette smoking effect on the nasal epithelium Analysis of nasal epithelia from cigarette smokers. Cigarette smoke creates a field of injury in epithelial cells lining the respiratory tract. Results extend the concept of a smoking-induced field of injury beyond intrathoracic (bronchial) epithelia to extrathoracic epithelia that line the nose.
 Myeloid leukemia cell response to thrombopoietin receptor agonist SB-559457 in vitro Analysis of primary cultured myeloid leukemia cells treated with recombinant human thrombopoietin or the thrombopoietin receptor agonist SB-559457 (SB). SB is toxic to leukemia cells. Results provide insight into the mechanism of action of SB.
 Tamoxifen effect on endometrioid carcinomas Analysis of endometrial epithelial cells from stage I or II endometrioid carcinomas after treatment with oestrogen or tamoxifen (TMX). Results provide insight into the molecular basis of the association of TMX treatment of breast cancer with an increased incidence of endometrial cancer.
 Quercetin effect on CD14+ monocyte Analysis of CD14+ monocytes from individuals on a diet supplemented with quercetin for 2 weeks. Quercetin is a flavonoid from plant extracts used as a nutritional supplement, and has reported benefits ranging from anti-carcinogenic properties to reduced risk of cardiovascular disease.
 Transactive response DNA-binding protein (TDP-43) knockdown effect on embryonic kidney cells Analysis of HEK293E cells depleted of transactive response DNA-binding protein (TDP-43). Inclusions of TDP-43 are hallmarks of frontotemporal dementia and amyotrophic lateral sclerosis (ALS). Results provide insight into the molecular basis of TDP-43 misfunction in neurodegenerative diseases.
 NOTCH antagonist SAHM1 effect on T-ALL cell lines Analysis of HPB-ALL and KOPT-K1 cells treated with SAHM1, an antagonist of the NOTCH transcription factor. SAHM1 is an alpha-helical hydrocarbon stapled peptide derived from MAML1. Results provide insight into the specificity of the antagonistic effect of SAHM1 on gene expression driven by NOTCH.
 TGF-beta-induced epithelial-mesenchymal transition model Analysis of A549 epithelial cells treated for up to 72 hours with TGF-beta to induce epithelial-mesenchymal transition (EMT). EMT is a developmental process that facilitates the dispersion of cells. A similar process is reactivated in cancer cells as an early event during tumor metastasis.
 Myelodysplastic syndrome: CD34+ hematopoietic stem cells Analysis of bone marrow CD34+ hematopoietic stem cells of myelodysplastic syndrome (MDS) patients. MDS is a group of clonal hematopoietic stem cell malignancies characterized by ineffective hematopoiesis. Results provide insight into the molecular pathogenesis of MDS.
 Pancreatic islet-like cell clusters derived from T3 embryonic stem cells Analysis of undifferentiated human embryonic stem cell line hES-T3 (T3ES), T3ES derived embryoid bodies, and T3ES derived pancreatic islet-like cell clusters (T3pi).  Results provide insight into molecular mechanisms involved in the development of pancreas and/or differentiation of islet cells.
 Adipogenesis and obesity: subcutaneous adipose tissue (HG-U133 Plus 2) Analysis of adipose tissue from subjects (BMI 16.7-50.2) with normal or impaired glucose tolerance, or type 2 diabetes. Adipocytes regulate energy balance and glucose homeostasis. These results, together with miRNA profiling results, provide insight into molecular basis of adipogenesis and obesity.
 Preimplantation embryonic development (HG-U133 Plus 2) Analysis of embryos at different stages of preimplantation embryonic development (PED): one-cell, two-cell, four-cell, eight-cell, morula, and blastocyst. The progression of PED is highly conserved among mammals. Results provide insight into molecular mechanisms underlying PED.
 Proteasome inhibitor Bortezomib or proteasome subunit knockdown effect on MCF7 breast cancer cells Analysis of MCF7 cells stimulated with bortezomib or depleted of PSMB3 or PSMB5. Proteasome inhibition can regulate estrogen-induced transcription. Results provide insight into mechanisms by which proteasome inhibition influences ERα function and into improved strategies for breast cancer treatment
 Doxorubicin-resistant MCF-7/ADR breast cancer cells Analysis of weakly tumorigenic parental MCF-7 cells and a multistep doxorubicin-selected MCF-7/ADR subline. Results provide insight into whether prolonged continuous selection of cells for drug resistance enriches for cancer stem-like cells.
 Lapatinib-resistant HER2-positive breast tumor cells Analysis of BT474 (lapatinib-sensitive) and BT474-J4 (acquired lapatinib-resistance) HER2+ breast cancer cells treated with lapatinib, foretinib or both. Foretinib restored lapatinib-sensitivity in BT474-J4. Results provide insight into molecular basis of acquired lapatinib-resistance in BC cells.
 TGFβ1 effect on HMEC-TR mammary epithelial cell line deficient in Smad4 or TIF1γ Analysis of HMEC-TR cells silenced for TIF1γ or Smad4 and treated with TGFβ. A strong EMT increase was observed in TIF1γ-silenced cells after TGFβ1 treatment;  Smad4 inactivation completely blocked this process. Results show the relationship between TIF1γ and Smad4 in TGF-β signaling and EMT.
 Systemic lupus erythematosus patients and yellow fever vaccine-immunized healthy donors: CD4 T+ lymphocytes Analysis of CD4+ T cells from SLE patients and YFV-immunized healthy donors. The YFV immunization can be regarded as a real viral infection, based on clinical/serological manifestations. Results provide insight into differences in type I interferon responses in autoimmunity and viral infection.
 Pandemic and seasonal H1N1 influenza virus infections of bronchial epithelial cells in vitro Analysis of well-differentiated primary lung bronchial epithelial cells 36 hs after infection with various H1N1 influenza isolates: seasonal H1N1 BN/59, pandemic H1N1 KY/136 and KY/180. Results provide insight into the molecular basis of host responses to different H1N1 Influenza isolates.
 Staphylococcal superantigen toxins effect on peripheral blood mononuclear cells Analysis of peripheral blood mononuclear cells treated with the recombinant staphylococcal superantigen (SAg) toxin SEI or SEB. SEI is located in the enterotoxin gene cluster (egc). Antibodies against non-egc SAgs are common in the healthy population, while those against egc SAgs are rare.
 Chronic myelogenous leukemia response to imatinib: Philadelphia chromosome positive CD34+ cells Analysis of Philadelphia chromosome-positive CD34+ cells of chronic myelogenous leukemia patients treated with imatinib. The anti-cancer drug imatinib is a selective bcr-abl tyrosine kinase inhibitor. Results provide insight into the molecular events affected by bcr-abl inhibition through imatinib.
 Endothelial progenitor cell response to exercise Analysis of peripheral blood mononuclear cells collected from 12 healthy subjects at baseline and after 3 months of exercise, then cultured for the endothelial progenitor cell-colony forming units (EPC-CFUs) assay. Results provide insight into EPC phenotype and relevance to endothelial function.
 Jag1 expression effect on endometrial stromal cells Analysis of endometrial stromal cells engineered to have an increased expression of Jag1. Jag1 is a Notch ligand. Results provide insight into the role of Notch signaling in endometrial cells.
 Torcetrapib effect on adrenal carcinoma cell line Analysis of H295 adrenal carcinoma cells treated with torcetrapib, an anti-cholesterol drug. Adverse side effects of torcetrapib treatment include changes in blood pressure, potassium, sodium, and aldosterone. Results provide insight into the molecular basis of the off-target side effects.
 Kaposi's sarcoma-associated herpesvirus microRNA-K12-11 expression Analysis of cells expressing microRNA (miR) K12-11 from Kaposi's sarcoma-associated herpesvirus. miR-K12-11 shares sequence homology with hsa-miR-155, a miRNA up-regulated in lymphomas and important in B cell development. Results provide insight into the biological activity of miR-K12-11.
 Vincristine-sensitive and resistant ovarian carcinoma cell lines Analysis of the vincristine-sensitive SKOV3 ovarian carcinoma cell line and its vincristine-resistant derivative. Vincristine is a chemotherapeutic agent used for the treatment of cancer. Results provide insight into the molecular mechanisms underlying the emergence of multidrug resistance.
 Multipotent stromal cell expansion in vitro Temporal analysis of cultures of multipotent stromal cells (MSCs) from bone marrow aspirates from 3 donors. On day 2, the MSCs are in transition from lag phase to log phase; on day 7, they are in stationary phase. Results provide insight into the molecular changes in MSCs during in vitro expansion.
 Follicular lymphoma and higher grade diffuse large B-cell lymphoma patients: lymph node tumor biopsies Analysis of lymph node tumor from follicular lymphoma (FL) and higher grade diffuse large B-cell lymphoma (DLBCL) patients. Transformation of FL to a more aggressive disease is often followed by rapid progression and death. Results provide insight into the molecular basis of FL transformation.
 Tendinopathy Analysis of diseased tendons from patients with tendinopathies. Tendinopathies are chronic tendon injuries, common conditions in professional and recreational athletes, as well as individuals engaging in repetitive activities. Results provide insight into the molecular pathogenesis of tendinopathy.
 Cigarette smoke of light flavor brand effect on bronchial epithelial cells in vitro: time course Analysis of normal bronchial epithelial cells exposed to cigarette smoke from a typical light flavor brand for up to 24 hours. Results provide insight into the impact of cigarette smoke exposure at the molecular level.
 NOR1 gene and EWS/NOR1 fusion gene overexpression Analysis of cells overexpressing NOR1 or the EWS/NOR1 fusion gene. NOR1 encodes an orphan nuclear receptor.  The EWS gene is involved in various malignancies by way of chromosomal translocations, and the EWS/NOR1 gene fusion is implicated in the pathogenesis of extraskeletal myxoid chondrosarcomas.
 SOX transcription factor overexpression in embryonic stem cells Analysis of CA1 and CA2 embryonic stem cell (ESC) lines over-expressing transcription factor SOX7 or SOX17, producing extraembryonic endoderm and definitive endoderm progenitors, respectively. Results provide insight into the roles of SOX7 and SOX17 as regulators of endoderm differentiation in ESCs.
 Interleukin-6 effect on skeletal muscle tissue: time course Analysis of interleukin-6 (IL-6) infused skeletal muscle (SKM) biopsies at time points up to 6hr. IL-6, a cytokine secreted from skeletal muscle during exercise, works in both an autocrine and paracrine manner. Results provide insight into IL-6-induced expression of other secreted factors in SKM.
 Hypoxia effect on monocyte-derived, mature dendritic cells Analysis of mature dendritic cells (mDC) generated from monocytes under chronic hypoxia (1%O2). Hypoxia is a common feature at pathologic sites that creates a unique microenvironment affecting cell phenotype and behavior. Results provide insight into the impact of chronic hypoxia on mDC development.
 Lean and overweight-obese polycystic ovary syndrome patients: cultured cumulus cells Analysis of cumulus cells from lean and overweight-obese polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) patients undergoing in vitro fertilization (IVF).  PCOS is a heterogeneous endocrinopathy in women of reproductive age, mostly associated with ovulation failure. Results provide insight into PCOS pathogenesis.
 Fludarabine, cyclophosphamide, and rituximab chemoimmunotherapy effect on chronic lymphocytic leukemia Analysis of CD19+ selected B cells from CLL patients before and after chemoimmunotherapy regimens of rituximab (R), fludarabine and cyclophosphamide (FC), or RFC. Results provide insight into the molecular mechanisms underlying the beneficial effects of the chemoimmunotherapy regimens.
 Autosomal dominant monocytopenia: polymorphonuclear leukocytes (RNeasy) Analysis of polymorphonuclear cells from patients affected with autosomal dominant monocytopenia characterized by mycobacterial, fungal, and viral infections, and frequently myelodysplasia. RNA extracted using RNeasy. Results provide insight into molecular mechanisms underlying this syndrome.
 Type 2 diabetes and role of hepatokines Analysis of percutaneous needle liver biopsies from 10 people with type 2 diabetes (T2D) and 7 normal subjects. The liver has a central role in glucose homeostasis and is a major site of secretory protein production. Results provide insight into the role of hepatokines in T2D insulin resistance.
 Prolonged exercise training effect on skeletal muscle from type 2 diabetes subjects Analysis of skeletal muscle biopsies from insulin-treated type 2 diabetes (T2D) subjects before/after exercise training, pre-diabetics and healthy controls. Results provide insight into the molecular basis of T2D, the role of mitochondrial dysfunction, and the effects of prolonged exercise training.
 In vivo glucocorticoid effect on non-leukemic peripheral blood lymphocytes Analysis of mononuclear cells from non-leukemic individuals (1 healthy/3 epileptic) up to 24 hr after glucocorticoid (GC) injection. GCs induce apoptosis and are used to treat lymphoid malignancies. Results provide insight into molecular mechanisms responsible for the anti-leukemic GC effects.
 Interstitial lung disease Analysis of lung tissue from patients with different types of interstitial lung disease (ILD). The ILDs represent a broad category of restrictive lung disorders. These results, together with miRNA profiling results, provide insight into molecular mechanisms underlying ILDs.
 Aging effect on bone marrow hematopoietic stem cells Analysis of bone marrow-derived, hematopoietic stem cells (HSC) from healthy, hematologically normal young and elderly donors. Aged HSCs are increased in frequency and are less quiescent than young HSCs. Results provide insight into molecular mechanisms underlying the hematopoietic aging phenotype.
 Primary erythroblast culture response to cytokine-induced increase in fetal hemoglobin Analysis of primary CD34+ hematopoietic progenitor cells, cultured in low-HbF (EPO alone) or high-HbF conditions (EPO, SCF, and TGFbeta-1), on days 7 (proerythroblasts) and 14 (mature erythrocytes). Results provide insight into molecular mechanisms underlying cytokine-induced increases in HbF.
 Chronic myelogenous leukemia CD34+CD38- cells response to histone deacetylase inhibitor analog and imatinib mesylate Analysis of sorted chronic myelogenous leukemia (CML) CD34+CD38- cells cultured with histone deacetylase inhibitor analog LBH589 (LBH) and/or BCR-ABL tyrosine kinase inhibitor imatinib mesylate (IM). Results provide insight into molecular mechanisms underlying treatment of CML with LBH and IM.
 Fusion oncogenes ZMYM2/FGFR1, BCR/FGFR1 or BCR/ABL1 in cord blood CD34+ cells Analysis of cord blood CD34+ cells transduced with MIG vector-ZMYM2/FGFR1, -BCR/FGFR1or -P210 BCR/ABL1. FGFR1 fusion oncogenes are associated with 8p11 myeloproliferative syndrome (EMS) and aggressive acute myeloid leukemia. Results provide insight into role of FGFR1 fusion oncogenes in EMS onset.
 CBFA2T3 knockdown and ectopic IKKbeta(EE) expression effect on Non-Hodgkin's lymphoma Reh cells Analysis of Reh cells following transfection with shRNA targeting CBFA2T3, constitutively active IKKbeta(EE), or both in combination. Loss of CBFA2T3 expression is linked to LTR derepression. Results provide insight into the involvement of LTR derepression in the pathogenesis of human lymphomas.
 Shiga toxin type 1 effect on myelogenous leukemia cell line THP-1 Analysis of macrophage-like THP-1 cells treated with Stx1 or lipopolysaccharides (LPS). Shiga toxins (Stxs) are bacterial cytotoxins produced by enteric pathogens Shigella dysenteriae and some serotypes of E. coli. Results provide further insight into the effects of Stxs on cell function.
 In vitro expanded and re-differentiated pancreatic islet cells Analysis of fresh pancreatic islets, expanded islet cells, and re-differentiated cells.  Three different protocols were used to expand pancreatic islets, followed by attempts at redifferentiation back to islets. Results provide insight into active pathways in expanded and redifferentiated islets.
 Glaucomatous astrocytes from the optic nerve head Expression profiling of astrocytes taken from the optic nerve head (ONH) of patients with glaucoma. The ONH is the site of damage in glaucomatous optic neuropathy. Studies suggest that damage in glaucoma is mediated by reactive astrocytes.
 Estrogen receptor alpha/beta heterodimer action in response to estrogen and tamoxifen Expression profiling of U2OS osteosarcoma cell line expressing estrogen receptor/alpha heterodimer after treatment with 10 nM 17beta-estradiol (E2) or 10 nM 4-OH tamoxifen (4HT) for 24 hours. Results provide insight into the role of estrogen receptor/alpha heterodimer in gene regulation.
 E2F-1 overexpression effect on melanoma cells Expression profiling of SKMEL-2 melanoma cells overexpressing the transcription factor E2F-1. E2F-1 overexpression induces apoptosis in many tumor cells. Results provide insight into the mechanisms underlying E2F-1 induced apoptosis in melanoma cells.
 Tibial muscular dystrophy Analysis of muscles of tibial muscular dystrophy (TMD) patients. TMD is a late onset, autosomal dominant distal myopathy of the anterior lower leg that results from titin mutations. Results provide insight into the molecular events leading from the causative mutations to the death of muscle cells.
 Never-medicated and medicated bipolar patients: peripheral blood leukocytes Analysis of peripheral blood leukocytes from first-episode, never-medicated bipolar disorder (BPD) patients and medicated BPD patients. Results provide insight into a peripheral biomarker profile for BPD that is not induced by medication.
 Inhibitor of NEDD8-activating enzyme MLN4924 effect on melanoma cell line Analysis of A375 melanoma cells treated with small molecule MLN4924 for up to 24 hrs. MLN4924 selectively inhibits Nedd8-activating enzyme resulting in inactivation of the entire family of Cullin-RING ubiquitin ligases. Results provide insight into the molecular basis of MLN4924-induced cell death.
 Expression Data from 24 orthotopic tumors grown in the pancreas of mice +/- MEK inhibitor PD0325901   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Expression Data from 24 orthotopic tumors grown in the pancreas of mice +/- MEK inhibitor PD0325901 br / Number of assays: 6 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133A 2.0 [HG-U133A\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Cell Line, Compound br / Last update: 25-08-2015 br / 
 Transcription profiling by array of H. sapiens acute myeloid leukemia mononuclear cells to investigate associations with distinct clinical and genetic features and lack KIT mutations   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling by array of H. sapiens acute myeloid leukemia mononuclear cells to investigate associations with distinct clinical and genetic features and lack KIT mutations br / Number of assays: 99 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Block, Phenotype br / Last update: 23-10-2015 br / 
 H9 hESC-derived neural stem cells harboring pathogenic leucine-rich repeat kinase 2 mutation Analysis of LRRK2 (Gly2019Ser) mutant neural stem cells (NSC) treated with LRRK2 kinase specific inhibitor LRRK2-IN-1. The LRRK2 (G2019S) mutation causes familial Parkinson's disease. Results provide insight into molecular basis of progressive degeneration of NSCs caused by pathogenic LRRK2.
 Unresectable colorectal cancer primary or metastatic lesions: test  set Analysis of primary or metastatic lesions from patients with unresectable colorectal cancer (CRC) prior to FOLFOX6 therapy (oxaliplatin, 5-fluorouracil, leucovorin regimen). Results provide insight into molecular signatures that predict responders to FOLFOX therapy for unresectable CRC.
 Pituitary gonadotrope tumors Analysis of gonadotrope/null cell tumors and normal pituitaries from autopsy samples. Pituitary gonadotrope tumors cause significant morbidity, hormonal deficits, and are more common in men. Results provide insight into molecular mechanisms involved in pituitary tumorigenesis and progression.
 Alveolar epithelial cell line A549 response to acute lung injury causing stimuli: time course Examination of alveolar epithelial A549 cells in models of pulmonary parenchymal cell activation: exposure to tumor necrosis factor-alpha (TNF-alpha), lipopolysaccharide (LPS), or cyclic stretch. Cells examined 1 and 4 hours after exposure to each acute lung injury-causing stimulus.
 Toll-like receptor agonists synergistic effect on dendritic cells: time course Temporal analysis of monocyte-derived dendritic cells (DCs) treated with lipopolysaccharide (LPS), an agonist for toll-like receptor (TLR) 4, the synthetic imidazoquinoline resiquimod R848, an agonist for TLR8, or both. Provides insight into the synergistic effect of TLR agonists in activating DCs.
 Promyelocytic cell response to Anaplasma phagocytophilum infection Expression profiling of NB4 promyelocytic leukemic cells infected with Anaplasma phagocytophilum, an obligate intracellular bacterium that causes granulocytic anaplasmosis. NB4 is a model for neutrophil maturation. Results provide insight into host cellular pathways affected by A. phagocytophilum.
 Enterocyte differentiation time course Enterocyte differentiation analyzed using colonic adenocarcinoma cell line Caco-2 BBe as a model.  Cells examined at 2, 8, and 15 days in culture: these are in the proliferating, postproliferative nondifferentiated, and differentiated stages respectively.
 Affymetrix gene expression array data for cardia and non-cardia gastric cancer  samples   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Affymetrix gene expression array data for cardia and non-cardia gastric cancer  samples br / Number of assays: 267 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome HG-U133A [HG-U133A] br / Experimental factors: Clinical Information, Disease br / Last update: 29-07-2015 br / 
 Endometrium throughout the menstrual cycle Analysis of the normal endometrium at distinct phases of the menstrual cycle. Results provide insight into whether molecular profiles of the endometrium can distinguish the different phases of the menstrual cycle.
 Acute rotavirus infection: peripheral blood mononuclear cells Expression profiling of peripheral blood mononuclear cells (PBMCs) from children with acute rotavirus diarrhea. Rotavirus is the most common cause of severe diarrhea in children.
 Ductal carcinoma in situ to invasive ductal carcinoma progression (HG-U133 2.0) Analysis of preinvasive ductal carcinoma in situ (DCIS) and invasive ductal carcinoma (IDC) tumors. Pairs of patient-matched DCIS and IDC tumor specimens analyzed. Results provide insight into the mechanisms underlying the progression of DCIS to IDC.
 Inflammatory dilated cardiomyopathy Analysis of parvovirus B19 positive endomyocardial biopsy (EMB) specimens from patients with inflammatory dilated cardiomyopathy (DCMi). Results report on a distinctive cardiac expression pattern in DCMi thereby providing insight into the pathogenesis of this DCM subtype.
 Lymphoblastoid cell lines from various CEPH pedigrees Analysis of lymphoblastoid cell lines of 57 unrelated CEPH individuals from the International HapMap Project. Results used to find association between the expression phenotypes and SNP markers across the genome genotyped on the 57 individuals that belong to various CEPH pedigrees.
 Lipopolysaccharide antagonist effect on lipopolysaccharide-stimulated dendritic cells: time course Analysis of monocyte-derived dendritic cells treated with cyanobacterial product (CyP) for 1 or 3 hours, or with lipopolysaccharide (LPS) in the presence or absence of CyP for 3 hours. Results provide insight into the extent of the antagonistic activity of CyP on LPS-induced responses.
 Polyethylene glycol-conjugated G-CSF mobilized CD34+ cells Analysis of granulocyte colony stimulating factor (G-CSF) or polyethylene glycol-conjugated (pegylated) G-CSF mobilized CD34+ hematopoietic stem and progenitor cells from multiple myeloma patients undergoing chemotherapy. Pegylated G-CSF has a longer half-life than unconjugated G-CSF.
 Lipid peroxidation product 4-hydroxy-2-nonenal effect on cells: time course Analysis of RKO colorectal carcinoma cell line at 6 and 24 hours following exposure to subcytotoxic and cytotoxic amounts of 4-hydroxy-2-nonenal (HNE). HNE is an abundant product of polyunsaturated fatty acid oxidation and decomposition and reacts extensively with DNA and proteins.
 HCaRG overexpression in kidney cells Analysis of HCaRG9, a stably-transfected HEK293 embryonal kidney cell line over-expressing the hypertension-related, calcium-regulated gene (HCaRG). Results identify a role for HCaRG in kidney repair involving increased renal cell migration and transforming growth factor-alpha (TGF-α) expression.
 Motexafin gadolinium and zinc effect on Ramos B-cell lymphoma line Analysis of Ramos B-cell lymphoma cultures following 4 hour treatment with anticancer agent motexafin gadolinium (MGd), zinc acetate (25 or 50 uM), or combinations of MGd and zinc. Results provide insight into the molecular changes that accompany the disruption of intracellular zinc homeostasis.
 Dendritic cell response to measles virus infection: time course Analysis of dendritic cells (DCs) for up to 24 hours after infection with measles virus (MV). MV induces immunosuppression followed by lasting immunity. DCs appear to play a role in this effect. Results provide insight into MV-DC interactions and suggest mechanisms for MV-modulated immune response.
 KSHV viral interferon regulatory factor 4 overexpression effect on primary effusion lymphoma cell line Analysis of Kaposi's sarcoma-associated herpesvirus (KSHV) infected BCBL-1 primary effusion lymphoma cells that are ectopically overexpressing viral interferon regulatory factor 4 (vIRF4). Results provide insight into the role of vIRF4 in the lytic replication of KSHV.
 BET bromodomain inhibitor I-BET762 effect on prostate cancer cell lines: dose response Analysis of prostate cancer (PC) cell lines (NCI-H660, VCaP, LNCaP, PC-3) treated with I-BET762 at 0.5uM or 10uM for 24hr. I-BET762 is a highly specific inhibitor of BET (bromodomain and extra-terminal) proteins. Results provide insight into molecular pathways regulated by I-BET762 treatment in PC.
 Acute myeloid leukemia fusion oncogenes in vitro effect on primary CD34+ cells: time course Analysis of CD34+ cells nucleofected (6h) or transduced (3d, 8d) with AML leukemia fusion oncogenes: AML1-ETO, MLL-AF9, PML-RARA or NUP98-HOXA9. Results provide insight into molecular mechanisms of fusion oncogene-driven leukemogenesis and early temporal patterns of gene deregulation in AML.
 Peripheral blood mononuclear cells response to Lassa Virus and Mopeia/Lassa reassortant 29: time course Analysis of PBMCs exposed in vitro to LASV or ML29 viruses and collected up to 24 hrs post-exposure. The ML29 vaccine candidate is derived from Lassa and Mopeia viruses and protects against Lassa fever disease. Results provide insight into LASV-induced pathology and mechanisms of attenuation.
 Non-Hodgkin’s lymphoma cell lines response to antibodies against CD20 or B-cell receptor Analysis of NHL lines treated with CD20 or B-cell receptor (BCR) antibodies. CD20 is a B cell-specific, cell surface protein; BCR has a key role in B cell development. Results provide insight into concordance in molecular changes following BCR activation and anti-CD20 Ab treatment in lymphoma cells.
 Prechondrocyte differentiation Analysis of LCM-isolated prechondrocytes in chondrogenic condensations at week 6 of embryogenesis and articular chondrocytes at week 17 of development. Results provide insight into molecular markers during the process of prechondrocyte maturation.
 CREB-Binding Protein Inhibitor ICG-001 effect on pancreatic cancer cell line: time course Analysis of AsPC1 pancreatic adenocarcinoma (PDAC) cells treated with IGC-001 up to 24 hours. IGC-001 binds to CREB-binding protein to disrupt its interaction with β-catenin. Results compared to β-catenin depletion (GDS5324) and provide insight into the therapeutic potential of IGC-001 in PDAC.
 Chromatin assembly factor 1A deficiency effect on IMR32 neuroblastoma cells: time course Analysis of IMR32 neuroblastoma cells upon CHAF1A silencing over a time course (0, 5 and 10 days). CHAF1A is a histone chaperone and epigenetic regulator. Results provide insight into the role of CHAF1A in neuroblastoma progression.
 Suberoylanilide hydroxamic acid effect on SKOV-3 ovarian cancer cell line: time course Analysis of SKOV-3 cells treated with histone deacetylase inhibitor SAHA for up to 24hr. SKOV-3 is a cell line model of homologous recombination (HR)-proficient epithelial ovarian cancer (EOC). Results provide insight into the effect of SAHA on HR DNA repair pathway genes in HR-proficient EOCs.
 miR-203 overexpression effect on mesenchymal-like breast cancer cell line Analysis of SUM159 mesenchymal-like breast cancer cells overexpressing miR-203. Result provide insight into the role of miR-203 in epithelial-mesenchymal transition and metastasis in breast cancer.
 miR-221 expression effect on prostate cancer cell line Analysis of PC-3 prostate cancer cells expressing pre-miR-221. miR-221 is frequently downregulated in primary prostate cancer. Results provide insight into the role of miR-221 in the pathogenesis of prostate cancer.
 All-trans retinoic acid effect on U937 myeloid cells overexpressing ecotropic virus integration site 1 Analysis of EVI1-overexpressing U937 myeloid cells treated with ATRA. EVI1 overexpression is associated with poor prognosis in myeloid leukemias; ATRA is a myeloid differentiation inducing agent. Results provide insight into the potential interplay between EVI1 and ATRA in myeloid cells.
 E3 ubiquitin ligase PARK2 depletion effect on SNB19 glioma cell line Analysis of SNB19 glioma cells depleted for PARK2.  PARK2 is an E3 ubiquitin ligase. Results provide insight into the role of PARK2 in the coordinate control of cyclins in cell cycle regulation and tumor suppression.
 Human and chimpanzee TS12KOS vector-generated induced pluripotent stem cells Analysis of chimpanzee iPSCs generated from blood cells using Sendai virus vector TS12KOS which carries reprogramming factors KLF4, OCT3/4, and SOX2. TS12KOS was also used to establish human iPSCs from fibroblasts. Results examine differentially expressed genes between human and chimpanzee iPSCs.
 WHO grade IV primary glioblastoma of long-term survivors Analysis of 7 patients with glioblastoma (GBM) treated at Memorial Sloan-Kettering Cancer Center, with survival   48 months. These long-term survivors (LTSs) represent proneural, neural, classical, and mesenchymal subtypes of GBM. Results provide insight into molecular characteristics of GBM LTSs.
 Hutchinson Gilford Progeria Syndrome cell line response to oncogenic challenge Analysis of skin fibroblasts from Hutchinson Gilford Progeria Syndrome (HGPS) patients challenged by retroviral introduction of telomerase reverse transcriptase (TERT), V12-HRAS and SV40 large and small T antigens. Results provide insight into molecular basis of transformation resistance in HGPS.
 Glucose effect on steroid receptor coactivator 1 deficient-A549 lung cancer epithelial cell line Analysis of highly glycolytic A549 lung cancer cells depleted for steroid receptor coactivator SRC-1 and grown in the absence of glucose. SRC-1 promotes gluconeogenesis and glycemia. Results provide insight into the role of SRC-1 in glycolytic cancer cells undergoing glucose deprivation.
 ENCSR264ESP -    BG01 Sample   Sample Information:     br /  br / Sample ID: EFO:0007071   br / Details: BG01 sample from   .   br / Analysis Platform: Human 2.1M Whole-Genome CGH Tiling Array v2.0   br / Submitting Lab: David Gilbert, FSU   br / Released: 2015-07-21   br / Sample Type: Stem Cell   br / 
 phs000738.v1.p1 - Exome Sequencing in Schizophrenia Families   dbGaP Study Information:       Type of study: Parent-Offspring Trios, Parent-Offspring Quads   Study design: Family/Twin/Trios     br / Number of documents: 0   Number of variables: 23   Number of participants: 216   Number of analyses: 0     br / Projects in this study:   National Institute of Mental Health    Diseases:   Schizophrenia   Schizophrenia      br / Technology used in this study:   Roche NimbleGen SeqCap EZ Human Exome Library v2.0    Assay types used:   Whole Exome    
 phs000485.v1.p1 - Gene Mutation and Rescue in Congenital Diaphragmatic Hernia   dbGaP Study Information:       Type of study: Probands, Mendelian, Family   Study design: Mendelian     br / Number of documents: 0   Number of variables: 10   Number of participants: 4   Number of analyses: 0     br / Projects in this study:   National Human Genome Research Institute    Diseases:   Congenital diaphragmatic hernia   Congenital diaphragmatic hernia      br / Technology used in this study:   Agilent SureSelect Human All Exon v.2 Kit    Assay types used:   Whole Exome    
 phs000935.v1.p1 - Applying Genomic Sequencing in Pediatrics (PediSeq)   dbGaP Study Information:       Type of study: Cross-Sectional, Longitudinal   Study design: Cross-Sectional     br / Number of documents: 0   Number of variables: 22   Number of participants: 159   Number of analyses: 0     br / Projects in this study:   National Human Genome Research Institute    Diseases:   Genetic Testing   Bilateral Sensorineural Hearing Loss   Sudden Cardiac Arrest   Intellectual disability   Autism   Mitochondrial Respiratory Chain Deficiencies   Blood Platelet Disorders   Genetic Testing      br / Technology used in this study:   Illumina HiSeq 2000   Agilent SureSelectXT Human All Exon 50Mb       Assay types used:   SNP/CNV Genotypes (NGS)   Whole Exome (NGS)       
 phs000514.v1.p1 - Identification of Genes Involved in Familial Coronary Artery Disease   dbGaP Study Information:       Type of study: Probands, Mendelian, Family   Study design: Mendelian     br / Number of documents: 0   Number of variables: 10   Number of participants: 19   Number of analyses: 0     br / Projects in this study:   National Human Genome Research Institute    Diseases:   Coronary Artery Disease   Atherosclerosis   Heart Diseases   Coronary Artery Disease      br / Technology used in this study:   Agilent SureSelect Human All Exon v.2 Kit    Assay types used:   Whole Exome    
 Classic Hodgkins lymphoma diagnostic lymph-node biopsies Analysis of diagnostic lymph-node biopsies from classic Hodgkins lymphoma HIV- patients before ABVD chemotherapy. Results identify gene expression signatures that correlate with treatment outcomes.
 Peripheral blood monocyte CD16 + and Cd16- subsets from healthy donors Analysis of peripheral blood monocyte (Mo) CD16 (FcγRIII) subsets CD16- and CD16+. Increase in circulating CD16+ Mo have been reported in inflammatory pathologies (sepsis/HIV infection). Results provide insight into developmental and functional relationship between CD16+ and CD16- Mo subsets.
 Stratification of pediatric septic shock patients: whole blood Analysis of whole blood from children (up to 10 years old) within 24hrs of PICU admission for septic shock. Heterogeneous clinical phenotypes stratify the septic shock patients. Results provide insight into the molecular mechanisms underlying these septic shock subgroups.
 Balanced and unbalanced chromosomal translocations: lymphoblastoid cell lines Analysis of lymphoblastoid cell lines established from individuals with the t(11;22)(q23;q11)-balanced translocation (carriers) or the +der(22)t(11;22)(q23;q11) karyotype (Emanuel syndrome patients). Results provide insight into the effect of balanced chromosomal rearrangements on the transcriptome.
 Age effect on healthy composite bone marrow Analysis of composite bone marrow (BM) from healthy children and adults. Normal BM constitutes a complex tissue of blood progenitor cells changing in composition with age. Results provide insight into molecular mechanisms associated with changes in the total precursor B-cell compartment with age.
 THP-1 macrophage-like cells response to W-Beijing Mycobacterium tuberculosis strains: time course Temporal analysis of macrophage-like THP-1 cell line infected by Mycobacterium tuberculosis (Mtb) W-Beijing strains and H37Rv. Mtb W-Beijing sublineages are highly virulent, prevalent and genetically diverse. Results provide insight into host macrophage immune response to Mtb W-Beijing strains.
 PICALM-MLLT10 positive acute leukemia: mononuclear cells Analysis of mononuclear cells from PICALM-MLLT10-positive T-cell acute lymphoblastic leukemia (T-ALL) patients (2 cases with histone methyltransferase gene EZH2 mutations) and PICALM-MLLT10-negative T-ALL patients. Results provide insight into molecular mechanisms underlying the leukemia subtypes.
 Hepatitis B virus (HBV)-associated acute liver failure (ALF) patients: liver explant Analysis of explanted livers of 4 patients with HBV-associated ALF who underwent liver transplantation. Liver has inherent regenerative capacity via hepatic stem/progenitor cells (HSPC) when hepatic loss is massive. Results provide insight into role of HSPC in liver regeneration associated with ALF.
 CD133-positive and CD133-negative colon cancer cells Analysis of CD133-positive and CD133-negative colorectal cancer cells and CAFs isolated from the same stage II patient specimen. CD133+ colon cancer cells exhibit enhanced tumorigenicity over CD133- cells. Results provide insight into molecular basis of the enhanced tumorigenicity of CD133+ cells.
 Patient-derived colorectal cancer explants Analysis of patient-derived colorectal cancer explants (PDCCE), generated by direct transplantation of human colorectal cancer (CRC) tissues into NOD-SCID mice, and matched patient CRC primary tumors. Results provide insight into the degree to which PDCCEs represent their primary human counterparts.
 NCI-60 cancer cell line panel Analysis of cell lines from 9 different cancer tissue of origin types (Breast, Central Nervous System, Colon, Leukemia, Melanoma, Non-Small Cell Lung, Ovarian, Prostate, and Renal) from the NCI-60 panel. Results provide insight into molecular mechanisms underlying the various cancer types.
 High and low chromosomal instability phenotypes in stage II and III colorectal cancers Analysis of specimens from consecutive stage II and stage III colorectal cancer (CRC) patients with high or low chromosomal instability (CIN) phenotype. CIN-high CRC showed poorer outcome than CIN-low CRC. Results provide insight into molecular biomarkers to distinguish between the CIN phenotypes.
 Colorectal cancer tumors Analysis of primary colorectal cancer (CRC) tumors. CRC is a heterogeneous disease. Results provide insight into stratifying CRC tumor samples into subtypes and tailoring treatments for the CRC subtypes.
 Inhibition of Notch signaling in T cell acute lymphoblastic leukemia cell lines Analysis of T-ALL cell lines treated with γ-secretase inhibitor (GSI) to block Notch signaling. Cell lines include parental cells and cells transduced with ICN (a GSI-independent form of activated Notch1) or with c-Myc (a downstream Notch1 target). Results provide insight into Notch1 role in T-ALL.
 Changes in gene expression induced by CDK9 inhibition alone and in combination with fludarabine   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Changes in gene expression induced by CDK9 inhibition alone and in combination with fludarabine br / Number of assays: 12 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Treatment br / Last update: 20-07-2015 br / 
 Bronchial epithelial cell response to influenza virus, viral RNA and interferon-beta: time course Analysis of HBECs treated with IFNβ, wild-type H1N1 influenza (PR8), mutant ΔNS1 virus (PR8 with a deleted NS1 gene), viral RNA (purified directly from PR8), up to 18 hr post-treatment. Results provide insight into the molecular mechanisms mediating influenza-host interactions in H1N1 infection.
 Systemic lupus erythematosus and arthritides: synovial biopsies Analysis of synovial biopsies obtained by needle arthroscopy from affected knees of patients with systemic lupus erythematosus (SLE), rheumatoid arthritis (RA), or osteoarthritis (OA). Results provide insight into distinct molecular mechanisms underlying SLE arthritis relative to those of OA and RA.
 WHO 2008-classified acute myeloid leukemia subgroups (Analysis I): bone marrow mononuclear cells Analysis of BMMCs from untreated patients diagnosed as AML-MLD-sole (AML with myelodysplasia-related changes solely because of multilineage dysplasia) or AML-NOS (AML-not otherwise specified) according to WHO 2008 guidelines. Results provide insight into the relevance of MLD for AML classification.
 HIV infection effect on interferon alpha 2-treated monocyte-derived macrophages: time course Temporal analysis of macrophages pretreated for 18hrs with interferon alpha 2 (IFNα2) then infected with HIV-1 (Bal strain). IFN treatment prior to in vitro HIV infection inhibits virus replication. Results provide insight into molecular mechanisms underlying this modulation of viral replication.
 Highly Active Antiretroviral Therapy (HAART) interruption effect on HIV patients: jejunal mucosa Analysis of gut biopsies from HIV+ patients following interruption of HAART. Gut-associated lymphoid tissue (GALT) is a critical host-pathogen interaction site in HIV infection. Results provide insight into molecular basis of host response to viral rebound in GALT following HAART interruption.
 Medulloblastomas in children Analysis of medulloblastomas from children ages 3 to 16 years. Medulloblastoma is a malignant childhood brain tumor comprising four discrete subgroups. Results provide insights into pathogenesis of medulloblastoma and highlight targets for therapeutic development.
 1,2,4-benzenetriol effect on peripheral blood mononuclear cells in vitro Analysis of cultured peripheral blood mononuclear cells treated with the benzene metabolite 1,2,4-benzenetriol. Benzene is an air pollutant and carcinogen. Results provide insight into the molecular basis of benzene cytotoxicity.
 Hypoxia-inducible factor depletion  (HG-U133 2.0) Analysis of hypoxic MCF-7 breast cancer cells depleted for hypoxia-inducible factor (HIF)-1alpha, HIF-2alpha, or both HIF alpha subunits. Results provide insight into the extent of the role of HIF-1alpha and HIF-2alpha in the regulation of gene expression during hypoxia.
 miR-34 overexpression Analysis of HCT116 cells overexpressing miR-34, a microRNA. miR-34 is commonly deleted in human cancers. Results provide insight into the function of miR-34.
 Immature dendritic cell response to hypoxia in vitro Analysis of immature dendritic cells (DCs) differentiated from monocytes under hypoxia for 4 days. DCs are antigen presenting cells whose development is influenced by the microenvironment. Hypoxia is an important constituent of the microenvironment of inflamed tissues.
 Cyclophosphamide-resistant chronic myelogenous leukemia cell line Analysis of chronic myelogenous leukemia (CML) cells resistant to cyclophosphamide (CP), an alkylating anticancer drug. Results provide insight into the molecular basis of CP resistance in CML.
 Moderate stage Huntington's disease lymphocytes Analysis of lymphocytes from patients with moderate stage Huntington's disease (HD). Results provide insight into the feasibility of using gene expression to identify biomarkers for moderate stage HD.
 Teratozoospermia (HG-U133 2.0 ) Analysis of sperm cells from males with consistent and severe teratozoospermia, a condition in which less than 4 percent of sperm cells are morphologically normal. Results provide insight into the molecular basis of a range of teratozoospermic presentations.
 Testicular seminoma progression Analysis of testicular seminoma tumors at various stages of progression (pT1, pT2, pT3). Results provide insight into the pathogenesis of testicular seminoma.
 PPAR-gamma activation and RAR-alpha inhibition effect on dendritic cells Analysis of dendritic cells (DCs) treated with the PPAR-gamma ligand rosiglitazone alone or with the RAR-alpha antagonist AGN193109. DCs treated with the RAR-alpha agonist AM580 also examined. Results provide insight into the contribution of retinoid signaling to the PPAR-gamma response.
 In vitro model for inflammatory dendritic cells Analysis of an in vitro model of peptidoglycan-activated monocytes as inflammatory myeloid dendritic cells (DCs).  DCs are thought to have an important role in the pathogenesis of inflammatory skin lesions such as psoriasis. Results provide insight into molecular basis of psoriasis pathogenesis.
 Periodic Fever, Aphthous stomatitis, Pharyngitis, and Adenitis (PFAPA) syndrome: whole blood Analysis of whole blood from pediatric PFAPA patients during flares and asymptomatic intervals; hereditary autoinflammatory disease patients during flares were also examined. PFAPA is a common periodic fever disease in children. Results provide insight into the molecular basis of PFAPA pathogenesis.
 Dystocic myometrium Analysis of myometrial biopsies obtained from the lower uterine segment in nulliparous Caucasian women undergoing cesarean section for dystocia (slow progressing labor). Results provide insight into the molecular mechanisms underlying dystocia in nulliparous women in spontaneous labor.
 UCSF sarcoidosis and hypersensitivity pneumonitis cohort: peripheral blood mononuclear cells Analysis of whole blood from sarcoidosis and hypersensitivity pneumonitis patients. Results provide insight into molecular mechanisms underlying sarcoidosis and hypersensitivity pneumonitis in peripheral blood.
 Frontal and parieto-temporal cortical regions of the developing fetal brain Analysis of prefrontal/orbito-frontal and parieto-temporal cortex at 17 and 19 gestational weeks. These cortical regions contain presumptive Broca and Wernicke language areas. Results provide insight into molecular mechanisms underlying development of human-specific features of the cerebral cortex.
 Colorectal cancer: homogenized tumor tissues Analysis of homogenized colorectal cancer (CRC) tumors representing various stages and metastases. Results provide insight into predictive biomarkers of metastasis and treatment targets in CRC.
 MCF10A mammary epithelial cell line  transfected with miR-221/222 mimic Analysis MCF10A cells transfected with synthetic oligo mimics for microRNAs (miRNAs) miR-221 and miR-222. Both miRNAs are abundant in the basal-like subtype of breast cancer but not in the luminal subtype. Results provide insight in to the role of miR-221/222 in the pathogenesis of breast cancer.
 Glioblastoma cell lines: LN018, LN215, LN229, LN319 and BS149 Analysis of 5 glioblastoma cell lines (LN018, LN215, LN229, LN319 and BS149). Results provide insight into molecular mechanisms underlying glioblastoma multiforme and other aggressive brain cancers.
 Primary and secondary brain tumors: glioblastomas, astrocytomas and oligodendrogliomas Analysis of primary glioblastomas (GBM), astrocytomas, oligodendrogliomas and secondary GBM brain tumors. MNK1 kinase upregulation observed in primary GBM brain tumors. Results identifiy signaling pathways differentially regulated in gliomas.
 Sonic hedgehog homolog-stimulated fibroblasts Analysis of CCD-18Co colon myofibroblasts stimulated with Sonic hedgehog homolog (SHH) for 72hr. Hedgehog (Hh)-driven, CCD-18Co proangiogenic signals drive tumor angiogenesis in vitro and in vivo. Results provide insight into the molecular mechanisms underlying Hh regulation of tumor angiogenesis.
 Acute myeloid leukemia cell lines with high Ecotropic Viral Integration site 1 expression Analysis of acute myeloid leukemia (AML) cell lines with high or low Ecotropic viral integration site 1 (EVI1) expression. High EVI1 levels predict adverse outcome in chemotherapy-resistant AML patients. Results provide insight into novel molecular targets in AML with high EVI1 expression.
 Transcription factor OTX2 oncogene silencing effect on D425 medulloblastoma cell line: time course Analysis of D425 medulloblastoma (MB) cells with doxycyline inducible shRNA against OTX2, sampled 0 to 96 hrs after induction in 3 independent time courses (TC). OTX2 is implicated as an oncogene in childhood MB. Results provide insight into role of OTX2 in medulloblastoma.
 Hepatitis B surface antigen effect on hepatoma cell line Analysis of hepatoma HepG2 cells secreting the hepatitis B surface antigen (HBsAg). Transfected cells examined 4 and 8 days after seeding. Results provide insight into the effect of persistently secreting HBsAg on the host cell.
 Vulvar intraepithelial neoplasia Analysis of vulvar intraepithelial neoplasia (VIN) lesions. VIN is a premalignant disorder caused by human papillomaviruses. Results provide insight into the pathogenesis of VIN.
 Exercise effect on white blood cells Analysis of whole white blood cells (WBC), peripheral blood mononuclear cells, and T lymphocytes following exhaustive exercise. Results provide insight into the improvements in reliability and sensitivity attained using WBC subtypes to monitor physiological states.
 Different areas of cervical cancer tumors Analysis of 33 biopsies from 11 cervical cancer patients. Biopsies were obtained from 2 to 5 different areas of each tumor. Results provide insight into the extent of intratumor heterogeneity in gene expression in cervical cancer patients.
 p63 depletion effect Analysis of ME180 cervical carcinoma cells depleted for p63 isoforms by expression of a small hairpin RNA targeting the p63 oligomerization domain. p63 is a p53 homolog essential for stratified epithelial development. Results provide insight into the function of p63 in transcriptional regulation.
 c-MYC depletion effect on carcinoma cell lines Analysis of breast and cervix carcinoma cell lines depleted for c-MYC by siRNA knockdown. Abnormal activation of c-MYC contributes to breast and cervix carcinogenesis. Results provide insight into the molecular basis of the developmental and oncogenic roles of MYC proteins.
 CD38-positive and CD38-negative chronic lymphocytic leukemia cells Analysis of paired CD38(+) and CD38(-) chronic lymphocytic leukemia (CLL) cells from six patients. CD38 expression is an important prognostic marker in CLL with high levels of CD38 antigen associated with shorter overall survival. Results provide insight into the molecular basis of this association.
 Mucociliary differentiation of airway epithelial cells Analysis of primary airway epithelial cells cultured at an air-liquid interface for up to 28 days to induce their differentiation into polarized, pseudostratified epithelia of ciliated and mucus-secreting cells. Results provide insight into the mechanisms underlying mucociliary differentiation.
 Androgen response element specific DNA-binding polyamide effect on dihydrotestoterone-stimulated prostate cell line Analysis of DHT-stimulated LNCaP prostate cells treated with an androgen response (AR) element (ARE) specific DNA binding polyamide. Polyamide designed to target the sequence 5'-WGWWCW-3' and disrupt AR-mediated gene expression. Effects of the synthetic antiandrogen bicalutamide also examined.
 Placental malaria Analysis of inflamed placentas from patients with chronic placental malaria (PM). Chronic inflammation during PM is frequent in first time mothers and is associated with poor maternal and fetal outcomes. Results provide insight into the pathogenesis of chronic PM.
 Leukemic white blood cells and various RNA preparation protocols Analysis of RNA samples prepared from leukemic white blood cells using 3 different protocols. Samples obtained from 27 pediatric patients with various subtypes of acute leukemia. Results provide insight into the impact of RNA preparation methods on the variation in gene expression data.
 Colorectal adenoma formation Analysis of colorectal adenomas and normal mucosas from 32 patients. Results provide insight into the molecular mechanisms underlying the formation of colorectal adenomas.
 Various prostate cell types Analysis of basal, luminal secretory, stromal fibromuscular, and endothelial cells of the prostate. Cell types separated with magnetic cell sorting (MACS) based on cell-type specific cluster designation (CD) antigens. Results identify gene expression signatures at the level of individual cell types.
 Glioma-derived stem cell factor effect on angiogenesis in the brain Analysis of gliomas of different grades. Stem cell factor (SCF) is overexpressed by glioma cells but its role in gliomagenesis has been unclear. Results identify a positive correlation of SCF expression with increasing glioma grade which supports a role for SCF in tumor angiogenesis in the brain.
 X-linked recessive dystonia-parkinsonism Expression profiling of the caudate nucleus and nucleus accumbens from the brain of a patient with X-linked recessive dystonia-parkinsonism (XDP). XDP is an adult onset disorder characterized by dystonia and parkinsonism. Result provide insight into the pathogenesis of XDP.
 Lung pneumocyte response to Pseudomonas aeruginosa type III secretion system mutants Analysis of A549 lung pneumocytes after infection with Pseudomonas aeruginosa (PA) PAK mutants deleted for various components of the type III secretion system (TTSS).  Mutants in TTSS effectors and translocators studied.  PA causes serious respiratory infections in cystic fibrosis patients.
 Radiation therapy toxicity association with abnormal transcriptional response to DNA damage Analysis of UV and IR irradiated lymphoblastoid cell lines derived from the peripheral blood of patients with acute radiation toxicity.  Samples taken 2 months after the completion of radiation therapy.  Results provide insight into the role of the response to DNA damage in radiation toxicity.
 HIV encephalitis: brain frontal cortex Analysis of brain frontal cortex of HIV-seropositive patients with HIV encephalitis (HIVE). HIVE affects  40% of AIDS patients, promoting neurodegeneration and cognitive impairment. Results suggest HIV-mediated dysregulation of genes involved in neuronal maintenance might play an important role.
 Interferon gamma effect on keratinocytes: time course Analysis of keratinocytes treated with interferon gamma (IFN-gamma) for up to 48 hours. IFN-gamma is a multifunctional, immunomodulatory cytokine with cell type-specific antiviral activities. Results provide insight into molecular processes regulated by IFN-gamma in keratinocytes.
 HPV16 integration and episomal loss effect on cervical keratinocytes Analysis of high-risk human papillomavirus (HRHPV) HPV16-containing cervical keratinocyte W12 cells selected for integrated HPV16. Results show that HRHPV integration and episome loss are key events in cervical neoplastic progression.
 Transcription profiling by array of three non-small cell lung cancer cell lines upon TGFb-induced epithelial-mesenchymal transition (EMT) against untreated counterparts to study EMT's role in tumour metastasis   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling by array of three non-small cell lung cancer cell lines upon TGFb-induced epithelial-mesenchymal transition (EMT) against untreated counterparts to study EMT's role in tumour metastasis br / Number of assays: 18 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Cell Line, Phenotype br / Last update: 05-12-2014 br / 
 Gene array analysis of clear cell renal cell carcinoma tissue versus matched normal kidney tissue   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Gene array analysis of clear cell renal cell carcinoma tissue versus matched normal kidney tissue br / Number of assays: 144 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Clinical Information, Disease Staging br / Last update: 31-07-2015 br / 
 Transcription profiling by array of human duodenal mucosa after treatment with glutamine or glucose   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling by array of human duodenal mucosa after treatment with glutamine or glucose br / Number of assays: 32 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome HG-U133A [HG-U133A] br / Experimental factors: Compound, Sampling Time Point br / Last update: 22-10-2015 br / 
 Transcription profiling by array of human cytogenetically normal acute myeloid leukemia patient samples with FLT3 internal tandem duplications   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling by array of human cytogenetically normal acute myeloid leukemia patient samples with FLT3 internal tandem duplications br / Number of assays: 117 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Genotype br / Last update: 02-11-2015 br / 
 Transcription profiling by array of human peripheral blood cells from meningococcal sepsis patients sampled at various time points   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling by array of human peripheral blood cells from meningococcal sepsis patients sampled at various time points br / Number of assays: 31 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Cell Type, Disease, Organism Part, Sampling Time Point br / Last update: 28-08-2015 br / 
 Transcription profiling by array of human bone marrow mesenchymal stem cells after treatment with BMP2 or TGFbeta-3   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling by array of human bone marrow mesenchymal stem cells after treatment with BMP2 or TGFbeta-3 br / Number of assays: 30 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Growth Condition, Time br / Last update: 28-08-2015 br / 
 Transcription profiling by array of siRNA silencing of GABPA in MCF10A cells   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling by array of siRNA silencing of GABPA in MCF10A cells br / Number of assays: 6 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: RNA Interference br / Last update: 22-10-2015 br / 
 Transcription profiling by array of human endometrium from post-menopausal women after hormone treatment   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling by array of human endometrium from post-menopausal women after hormone treatment br / Number of assays: 31 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Compound br / Last update: 28-08-2015 br / 
 Gene expression arrays on lung cancer cells exposed to Notch inhibitor   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Gene expression arrays on lung cancer cells exposed to Notch inhibitor br / Number of assays: 32 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Cell Line, Compound, Time br / Last update: 15-08-2014 br / 
 Transcriptional analysis of prefrontal area 9 in Parkinson's disease   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcriptional analysis of prefrontal area 9 in Parkinson's disease br / Number of assays: 30 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome HG-U133A [HG-U133A] br / Experimental factors: Disease br / Last update: 27-07-2015 br / 
 Transcription profiling by array of VAMP7 knockdown using siRNA in human embryonal carcinoma NTERA2/D1 cells   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling by array of VAMP7 knockdown using siRNA in human embryonal carcinoma NTERA2/D1 cells br / Number of assays: 6 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: RNA Interference br / Last update: 10-07-2014 br / 
 Expression data of human neuroblastoma IMR32 cells treated with the DHODH inhibitor Teriflunomide [118 ￂﾵM]   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Expression data of human neuroblastoma IMR32 cells treated with the DHODH inhibitor Teriflunomide [118 ￂﾵM] br / Number of assays: 6 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Compound br / Last update: 18-06-2015 br / 
 Transcription profiling by array of a human cystic fibrosis cell line   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling by array of a human cystic fibrosis cell line br / Number of assays: 6 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Disease br / Last update: 03-07-2014 br / 
 Transcription profiling by array of human colorectal cancer epithelial (HCT116) p53 null cells treated with SN38 for 6, 12 and 24h   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling by array of human colorectal cancer epithelial (HCT116) p53 null cells treated with SN38 for 6, 12 and 24h br / Number of assays: 12 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Compound, Time br / Last update: 22-10-2015 br / 
 Gene Expression in Inflammatory Diseases   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Gene Expression in Inflammatory Diseases br / Number of assays: 54 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Block, Clinical Information, Disease br / Last update: 23-07-2015 br / 
 Transcription profiling by array of children blood with serious bacterial infections   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling by array of children blood with serious bacterial infections br / Number of assays: 15 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome HG-U133A [HG-U133A] br / Experimental factors: Clinical History, Disease br / Last update: 22-10-2015 br / 
 Gene expression in pediatric cALL   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Gene expression in pediatric cALL br / Number of assays: 30 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome HG-U133A [HG-U133A] br / Experimental factors: Cell Line, Organism Part br / Last update: 22-09-2015 br / 
 Transcription profiling by array of ACH-3P cells with RNAi knock-down of PRR15   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling by array of ACH-3P cells with RNAi knock-down of PRR15 br / Number of assays: 6 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Rnai br / Last update: 03-07-2014 br / 
 Gene expression profiling in psoriatic lesional and non-lesional skin [brodalumab treatment]   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Gene expression profiling in psoriatic lesional and non-lesional skin [brodalumab treatment] br / Number of assays: 91 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Clinical Information, Compound, Time br / Last update: 27-07-2015 br / 
 Transcription profiling by array of human MDA-MB-231 breast cancer cells with ATAD3A stable knockdown against no-knockdown controls   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling by array of human MDA-MB-231 breast cancer cells with ATAD3A stable knockdown against no-knockdown controls br / Number of assays: 6 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: RNA Interference br / Last update: 16-03-2015 br / 
 Transcription profiling of human peripheral blood mononuclear cells treated with a CDK inhibitor   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling of human peripheral blood mononuclear cells treated with a CDK inhibitor br / Number of assays: 37 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Compound, Time br / Last update: 03-09-2015 br / 
 Transcription profiling of normal human monocytes in response to Aspergillus fumigatus   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling of normal human monocytes in response to Aspergillus fumigatus br / Number of assays: 17 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Growth Condition br / Last update: 22-10-2015 br / 
 Transcription profiling by array of primary human macrophages cultured from patients with ulcerative colitis or healthy individuals with or without stimulation by heat-killed E. coli   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling by array of primary human macrophages cultured from patients with ulcerative colitis or healthy individuals with or without stimulation by heat-killed E. coli br / Number of assays: 51 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Disease, Stimulus br / Last update: 14-07-2014 br / 
 Transcription profiling of human pancreas from patients with autoimmune pancreatitis and alcohol-induced chronic pancreatitis   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling of human pancreas from patients with autoimmune pancreatitis and alcohol-induced chronic pancreatitis br / Number of assays: 9 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome HG-U133A [HG-U133A] br / Experimental factors: Disease br / Last update: 22-10-2015 br / 
 In vivo NCL-targeting affects breast cancer aggressiveness through miRNA regulation [Affymetrix]   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: In vivo NCL-targeting affects breast cancer aggressiveness through miRNA regulation [Affymetrix] br / Number of assays: 6 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Treatment br / Last update: 19-08-2015 br / 
 Transcription profiling by array of human MCF-7 and PC3 cells grown under amino acid deprived or rich conditions for 24 or 48 hours   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling by array of human MCF-7 and PC3 cells grown under amino acid deprived or rich conditions for 24 or 48 hours br / Number of assays: 91 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133A 2.0 [HG-U133A\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Cell Line, Growth Condition, Time br / Last update: 09-04-2015 br / 
 Transcription profiling by array of ovarian carcinoma TOV-112D cells treated with NSC319726 to investigate the effect on p53 targets   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling by array of ovarian carcinoma TOV-112D cells treated with NSC319726 to investigate the effect on p53 targets br / Number of assays: 6 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Compound br / Last update: 03-07-2014 br / 
 Transcription profiling by array of human lymphoblast cells from a patient with Freidriech's ataxia after treatment with pyrrole-imidazole polyamides   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling by array of human lymphoblast cells from a patient with Freidriech's ataxia after treatment with pyrrole-imidazole polyamides br / Number of assays: 18 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Compound, Disease br / Last update: 15-08-2014 br / 
 The effect of Sparstolonin B (SsnB) on gene expression in HCAECs   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: The effect of Sparstolonin B (SsnB) on gene expression in HCAECs br / Number of assays: 6 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Compound br / Last update: 10-07-2015 br / 
 A Methodology for Utilization of Predictive Genomic Signatures in FFPE Samples   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: A Methodology for Utilization of Predictive Genomic Signatures in FFPE Samples br / Number of assays: 111 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133A 2.0 [HG-U133A\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Infect, Specimen With Known Storage State, Treatment br / Last update: 17-08-2015 br / 
 Transcription profiling by array of human wild type and gefitinib-resistant A431 cancer cells   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling by array of human wild type and gefitinib-resistant A431 cancer cells br / Number of assays: 6 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Phenotype br / Last update: 08-07-2014 br / 
 Gene expression profile of human prostate cancer cells transfected with Stat3 siRNA or Stat5a/b siRNA   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Gene expression profile of human prostate cancer cells transfected with Stat3 siRNA or Stat5a/b siRNA br / Number of assays: 18 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Cell Line, Genotype br / Last update: 04-09-2015 br / 
 Transcriptomic survey of lymph node-positive vs. - negative ductal breast cancer   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcriptomic survey of lymph node-positive vs. - negative ductal breast cancer br / Number of assays: 43 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133A 2.0 [HG-U133A\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Clinical Information br / Last update: 20-08-2015 br / 
 Transcription profiling by array of human amnion epithelial FL cells treated with the carcinogen BPDE at low concentration   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling by array of human amnion epithelial FL cells treated with the carcinogen BPDE at low concentration br / Number of assays: 18 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Compound, Sampling Time Point br / Last update: 27-08-2015 br / 
 Transcription profiling by array of human CD4+ and CD8+ T cells from HUV patients   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling by array of human CD4+ and CD8+ T cells from HUV patients br / Number of assays: 40 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome HG-U133A [HG-U133A] br / Experimental factors: Cell Type, Disease br / Last update: 05-08-2014 br / 
 Cross-species gene expression analysis of species-specific differences in preclinical assessment of pharmaceutical compounds (human)   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Cross-species gene expression analysis of species-specific differences in preclinical assessment of pharmaceutical compounds (human) br / Number of assays: 18 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Compound, Time br / Last update: 15-07-2015 br / 
 Transcription profiling by array of human CD3 positive T cells from patients with familial hypercholesterolemia   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling by array of human CD3 positive T cells from patients with familial hypercholesterolemia br / Number of assays: 23 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Disease br / Last update: 03-07-2014 br / 
 Transcription profiling by array of human multiple myeloma cells after infection with a shRNA targeting BMI1   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling by array of human multiple myeloma cells after infection with a shRNA targeting BMI1 br / Number of assays: 42 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Compound, Genotype, Time br / Last update: 15-09-2015 br / 
 Expression data from human monocyte-derived dendritic cells treated or not with interleukin 17A (IL-17A)   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Expression data from human monocyte-derived dendritic cells treated or not with interleukin 17A (IL-17A) br / Number of assays: 7 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Treatment br / Last update: 31-07-2015 br / 
 Transcription profiling of human skin from patients with acne before and 1 week after isotretinoin (13-cis retinoic acid) treatment   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling of human skin from patients with acne before and 1 week after isotretinoin (13-cis retinoic acid) treatment br / Number of assays: 12 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133A 2.0 [HG-U133A\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Compound br / Last update: 28-07-2015 br / 
 Transcription profiling by array of human macrophages from tuberculosis patients stimulated with M. tuberculosis whole cell lysate   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling by array of human macrophages from tuberculosis patients stimulated with M. tuberculosis whole cell lysate br / Number of assays: 24 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Disease, Treatment br / Last update: 08-10-2014 br / 
 EcadEGFP expression in MDA-MB-134 and IPH-926   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: EcadEGFP expression in MDA-MB-134 and IPH-926 br / Number of assays: 14 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Cell Line, Genotype br / Last update: 19-06-2015 br / 
 Transcription profiling by array of uveal melanoma cell lines with wild type and mutant G-proteins (GNAQ or GNA11) in response to treatment with BRAD4 inhibitor JQ1   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling by array of uveal melanoma cell lines with wild type and mutant G-proteins (GNAQ or GNA11) in response to treatment with BRAD4 inhibitor JQ1 br / Number of assays: 48 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133A 2.0 [HG-U133A\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Cell Line, Compound br / Last update: 02-03-2015 br / 
 Transcription profiling by array of salivary glands from Sjogren Sydrome patients before and after treatment with retuximab   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling by array of salivary glands from Sjogren Sydrome patients before and after treatment with retuximab br / Number of assays: 26 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Compound br / Last update: 22-10-2015 br / 
 Transcription profiling of bone marrow from children with T-cell acute lymphoblastic leukamia comparing those who remained in continuous complete remission with those that relapsed   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling of bone marrow from children with T-cell acute lymphoblastic leukamia comparing those who remained in continuous complete remission with those that relapsed br / Number of assays: 12 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome HG-U133A [HG-U133A] br / Experimental factors: Clinical Information br / Last update: 02-11-2015 br / 
 Transcription profiling by array of human dendritic cells co-cultured with carcinoma cells or treated with lipopolysaccharide   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling by array of human dendritic cells co-cultured with carcinoma cells or treated with lipopolysaccharide br / Number of assays: 12 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Compound, Growth Condition br / Last update: 16-08-2014 br / 
 Transcription profiling by array of human amniocytes from patients with spina bifida   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling by array of human amniocytes from patients with spina bifida br / Number of assays: 9 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Disease br / Last update: 03-07-2014 br / 
 Transcription profiling by array of KOPT-K1 T-ALL cells after treatment with PD 0332991   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling by array of KOPT-K1 T-ALL cells after treatment with PD 0332991 br / Number of assays: 6 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Compound br / Last update: 03-07-2014 br / 
 Transcription profiling by array of human glioblastoma cells after stimulation with deferoxamine and treatment with polyamide 1, echinomycin, or HIF-1a siRNA   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling by array of human glioblastoma cells after stimulation with deferoxamine and treatment with polyamide 1, echinomycin, or HIF-1a siRNA br / Number of assays: 15 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Growth Condition, Treatment br / Last update: 04-12-2015 br / 
 Gene expression profile of MITF expressing cells   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Gene expression profile of MITF expressing cells br / Number of assays: 6 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133A 2.0 [HG-U133A\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Phenotype br / Last update: 18-08-2015 br / 
 Expression data from mammary epithelial cells from BRCA1 mutation carriers and non BRCA1 mutation carriers   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Expression data from mammary epithelial cells from BRCA1 mutation carriers and non BRCA1 mutation carriers br / Number of assays: 14 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Genotype br / Last update: 06-08-2015 br / 
 Transcription profiling by array of human CD3-positive T cells from patients with systemic lupus erythematosus   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling by array of human CD3-positive T cells from patients with systemic lupus erythematosus br / Number of assays: 27 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Compound, Disease br / Last update: 14-08-2014 br / 
 Transcriptional profiling by array of lymphoblastoid cell lines (LCLs) from six DS and six euploid individuals to investigate differential gene expression and pathway deregulation associated with trisomy 21   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcriptional profiling by array of lymphoblastoid cell lines (LCLs) from six DS and six euploid individuals to investigate differential gene expression and pathway deregulation associated with trisomy 21 br / Number of assays: 12 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Disease br / Last update: 23-10-2015 br / 
 Transcription profiling by array of human peripheral blood mononuclear cells from patients with peripheral arterial disease   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling by array of human peripheral blood mononuclear cells from patients with peripheral arterial disease br / Number of assays: 37 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Disease br / Last update: 16-09-2015 br / 
 Expression data for Cediranib in Metastatic ASPS   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Expression data for Cediranib in Metastatic ASPS br / Number of assays: 12 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Compound br / Last update: 27-07-2015 br / 
 Transcription profiling by array of PC-3 cells treated with hHGF, mHGF or hNK2   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling by array of PC-3 cells treated with hHGF, mHGF or hNK2 br / Number of assays: 36 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Compound, Time br / Last update: 09-11-2015 br / 
 Expression data from undifferentiated human embryonic stem cells (hESC) and Day 3.5 mesodermal progenitor (CD326neg CD56+) population   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Expression data from undifferentiated human embryonic stem cells (hESC) and Day 3.5 mesodermal progenitor (CD326neg CD56+) population br / Number of assays: 6 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Population br / Last update: 15-09-2015 br / 
 Transcription profiling of human monocyte-derived macrophages infected in vitro with wild type Leishmania chagasi parasites and then cultured with naive, autologous T-cells   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling of human monocyte-derived macrophages infected in vitro with wild type Leishmania chagasi parasites and then cultured with naive, autologous T-cells br / Number of assays: 16 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Cell Type, Infect br / Last update: 22-10-2015 br / 
 Development of Transcriptomic Biomarker Signature in Human Saliva to Detect Lung Cancer   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Development of Transcriptomic Biomarker Signature in Human Saliva to Detect Lung Cancer br / Number of assays: 20 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Disease br / Last update: 17-08-2015 br / 
 Transcription profiling of human grade II astrocytic tumor (astrocytomas) vs grade IV tumors (glioblastoma)   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling of human grade II astrocytic tumor (astrocytomas) vs grade IV tumors (glioblastoma) br / Number of assays: 16 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133A 2.0 [HG-U133A\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Disease br / Last update: 26-06-2015 br / 
 Expression data by BRD7552 treatment in PANC-1 cells   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Expression data by BRD7552 treatment in PANC-1 cells br / Number of assays: 9 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Compound, Time br / Last update: 20-08-2015 br / 
 Transcription profiling by array of human chronic lymphocytic leukemia cells after treatment with LMP-420   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling by array of human chronic lymphocytic leukemia cells after treatment with LMP-420 br / Number of assays: 26 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Compound br / Last update: 03-07-2014 br / 
 Transcription profiling by array of human stromal cells from breast invasive ductal carcinomas   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling by array of human stromal cells from breast invasive ductal carcinomas br / Number of assays: 22 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Disease br / Last update: 03-07-2014 br / 
 SHARP1 suppresses breast cancer metastasis by promoting degradation of hypoxia-inducible factors   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: SHARP1 suppresses breast cancer metastasis by promoting degradation of hypoxia-inducible factors br / Number of assays: 12 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Phenotype br / Last update: 18-08-2015 br / 
 Transcription profiling by array of normal pancreas, primary pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma (PDAC), normal liver, and pancreatic liver metastases using the Affymetrix HG-U133A array   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling by array of normal pancreas, primary pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma (PDAC), normal liver, and pancreatic liver metastases using the Affymetrix HG-U133A array br / Number of assays: 15 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome HG-U133A [HG-U133A] br / Experimental factors: Disease, Organism Part br / Last update: 15-09-2014 br / 
 Transcription profiling by array of human MCF cells treated with estrogen   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling by array of human MCF cells treated with estrogen br / Number of assays: 12 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Compound, Time br / Last update: 03-07-2014 br / 
 Mucosal gene signatures to predict response to infliximab in patients with ulcerative colitis   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Mucosal gene signatures to predict response to infliximab in patients with ulcerative colitis br / Number of assays: 30 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Clinical Information, Disease br / Last update: 27-07-2015 br / 
 Syntenin-1 is expressed in uveal melanoma and correlates with metastatic progression   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Syntenin-1 is expressed in uveal melanoma and correlates with metastatic progression br / Number of assays: 29 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Tumor Stage br / Last update: 12-08-2015 br / 
 Transcription profiling by array of human CD16+ and CD16- peripheral blood monocytes from healthy individuals   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling by array of human CD16+ and CD16- peripheral blood monocytes from healthy individuals br / Number of assays: 8 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Cell Type br / Last update: 04-09-2015 br / 
 Transcription profiling by array of paired samples from 142 patients before and after 48 hours of treatment with bortezomid   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling by array of paired samples from 142 patients before and after 48 hours of treatment with bortezomid br / Number of assays: 280 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Clinical Treatment br / Last update: 02-11-2015 br / 
 Expression data from MDA-MB-231 parental and xenograft tumor cells treated with Smac mimetic SM-164   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Expression data from MDA-MB-231 parental and xenograft tumor cells treated with Smac mimetic SM-164 br / Number of assays: 8 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Phenotype br / Last update: 18-08-2015 br / 
 Gene expression profiling of MCF10A (miR-221/222 vs control)   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Gene expression profiling of MCF10A (miR-221/222 vs control) br / Number of assays: 6 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: RNA Interference br / Last update: 12-08-2015 br / 
 Transcription profiling by array of human alveolar macrophages from smokers   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling by array of human alveolar macrophages from smokers br / Number of assays: 24 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Clinical Information br / Last update: 22-10-2015 br / 
 Transcription profiling by array of skeletal muscle in TypeII diabetes patients   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling by array of skeletal muscle in TypeII diabetes patients br / Number of assays: 42 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Disease, Treatment br / Last update: 08-09-2015 br / 
 Expression data from breast cancer tumor-initiating cells   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Expression data from breast cancer tumor-initiating cells br / Number of assays: 12 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Cell Line, Clinical Information, Growth Condition br / Last update: 17-08-2015 br / 
 Transcription profiling by array of microsatellite stable stage III Colorectal Adenocarcinoma (MSS-CRC) with wild type or mutant p53 to study the prognostic significance of the mutation   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling by array of microsatellite stable stage III Colorectal Adenocarcinoma (MSS-CRC) with wild type or mutant p53 to study the prognostic significance of the mutation br / Number of assays: 10 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Genotype br / Last update: 03-07-2014 br / 
 Expression data from NS398-treated and control HT29 colon adenocarcinoma cell line samples   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Expression data from NS398-treated and control HT29 colon adenocarcinoma cell line samples br / Number of assays: 6 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Compound br / Last update: 03-07-2014 br / 
 Gene expression profile in MCF7 breast cancer cells after siRNA knock down of estrogen receptor alpha (ESR1)   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Gene expression profile in MCF7 breast cancer cells after siRNA knock down of estrogen receptor alpha (ESR1) br / Number of assays: 6 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Genotype br / Last update: 18-08-2015 br / 
 Transcription profiling by array of human vastus lateralis muscle from trained or sedentary young and old subjects   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling by array of human vastus lateralis muscle from trained or sedentary young and old subjects br / Number of assays: 37 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Developmental Stage, Treatment br / Last update: 22-10-2015 br / 
 Transcription profiling of human glioblastomas (56 tumor samples)   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling of human glioblastomas (56 tumor samples) br / Number of assays: 56 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Clinical Treatment br / Last update: 26-06-2015 br / 
 Transcription profiling by array of HUVEC cells after infection with H5N1 influenza virus   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling by array of HUVEC cells after infection with H5N1 influenza virus br / Number of assays: 30 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Genotype, Infect br / Last update: 14-08-2014 br / 
 Transcription profiling by array of human melanoma cell lines that differ in their delta ex2/3p73 expression   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling by array of human melanoma cell lines that differ in their delta ex2/3p73 expression br / Number of assays: 6 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Genotype br / Last update: 24-06-2015 br / 
 Transcription profiling by array of human bone engrafted with myeloma cell line Hg, in SCID mice treated with parathyroid hormone or saline   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling by array of human bone engrafted with myeloma cell line Hg, in SCID mice treated with parathyroid hormone or saline br / Number of assays: 10 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Compound br / Last update: 16-09-2014 br / 
 Transcriptional profiling by array of bone marrow and peripheral blood samples from patients with cytogenetically normal acute myeloid leukemia to study gene expression profiles associated with different levels of miR-3151 expression   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcriptional profiling by array of bone marrow and peripheral blood samples from patients with cytogenetically normal acute myeloid leukemia to study gene expression profiles associated with different levels of miR-3151 expression br / Number of assays: 156 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Organism Part, Phenotype br / Last update: 25-06-2015 br / 
 Gene Expression Signature of Human Polynucleotide Phosphorylase (hPNPaseold-35) in Melanoma   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Gene Expression Signature of Human Polynucleotide Phosphorylase (hPNPaseold-35) in Melanoma br / Number of assays: 12 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133A 2.0 [HG-U133A\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Time, Treatment br / Last update: 18-06-2015 br / 
 Transcription profiling by array of human SK-N-AS neuroblastoma xenograft tumor treated with anti-human IGF-IR monoclonal antibody (h10H5) to study the anti-tumour function of the antibody   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling by array of human SK-N-AS neuroblastoma xenograft tumor treated with anti-human IGF-IR monoclonal antibody (h10H5) to study the anti-tumour function of the antibody br / Number of assays: 8 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Compound br / Last update: 03-07-2014 br / 
 Identification of the receptor tyrosine kinase AXL in triple negative breast cancer as a novel target for the human miR-34a microRNA (gene expression)   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Identification of the receptor tyrosine kinase AXL in triple negative breast cancer as a novel target for the human miR-34a microRNA (gene expression) br / Number of assays: 9 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Treatment br / Last update: 07-08-2015 br / 
 Transcription profiling by array of human SKBR-3 cells after treatment with retinoic acid   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling by array of human SKBR-3 cells after treatment with retinoic acid br / Number of assays: 6 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133A 2.0 [HG-U133A\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Compound br / Last update: 03-07-2014 br / 
 Transcription profiling by array of human neutrophils after 30 minutes' exercise   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling by array of human neutrophils after 30 minutes' exercise br / Number of assays: 24 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Stimulus br / Last update: 29-07-2015 br / 
 Transcription profiling of human embryonic stem cells treated with BMP4 in chemically-defined medium, with and without inhibitors of Activin and FGF signalling to investigate the induction of extra-embryonic tissue differentiation by BMP signalling   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling of human embryonic stem cells treated with BMP4 in chemically-defined medium, with and without inhibitors of Activin and FGF signalling to investigate the induction of extra-embryonic tissue differentiation by BMP signalling br / Number of assays: 9 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Treatment br / Last update: 22-10-2015 br / 
 Transcription profiling of peripheral blood from patients with primary progressive multiple sclerosis to compare risk and protective PRF1 haplotypes   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling of peripheral blood from patients with primary progressive multiple sclerosis to compare risk and protective PRF1 haplotypes br / Number of assays: 10 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Genotype br / Last update: 03-07-2014 br / 
 Transcription profiling by array of human CD34-positive umbilical cord blood cells after AML1-ETO fusion gene transduction   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling by array of human CD34-positive umbilical cord blood cells after AML1-ETO fusion gene transduction br / Number of assays: 12 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Genetic Modification br / Last update: 03-07-2014 br / 
 Transcriptome analysis of a chronic in vitro model of Parkinsonism   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcriptome analysis of a chronic in vitro model of Parkinsonism br / Number of assays: 18 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome HG-U133A [HG-U133A] br / Experimental factors: Compound, Time br / Last update: 22-09-2015 br / 
 Transcription profiling by array of human peripheral blood mononuclear cells treated with staphylococcal superantigens SEB or SEI against untreated controls   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling by array of human peripheral blood mononuclear cells treated with staphylococcal superantigens SEB or SEI against untreated controls br / Number of assays: 9 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Compound br / Last update: 18-09-2014 br / 
 Transcription profiling by array of human CD4 positive T cells treated with lipoprotein-bound HIV-1 gp120 V3 domain peptide   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling by array of human CD4 positive T cells treated with lipoprotein-bound HIV-1 gp120 V3 domain peptide br / Number of assays: 6 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Compound br / Last update: 03-07-2014 br / 
 RNAi knock down of RNA binding IMP proteins in human epithelial (HeLa) cells   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: RNAi knock down of RNA binding IMP proteins in human epithelial (HeLa) cells br / Number of assays: 9 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome HG-U133A [HG-U133A] br / Experimental factors: RNA Interference br / Last update: 03-07-2014 br / 
 Transcription profiling by array of triple-negative, HER2-overexpressing and hormone-sensitive breast carcinoma cell lines after EGFR inhibition with erlotinib   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling by array of triple-negative, HER2-overexpressing and hormone-sensitive breast carcinoma cell lines after EGFR inhibition with erlotinib br / Number of assays: 25 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Cell Line, Time br / Last update: 19-08-2015 br / 
 Transcription profiling by array of human peripheral blood mononuclear cells after treatment with 1,2,4-benzenetriol   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling by array of human peripheral blood mononuclear cells after treatment with 1,2,4-benzenetriol br / Number of assays: 16 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133A 2.0 [HG-U133A\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Compound br / Last update: 03-07-2014 br / 
 Transcription profiling of human cells transfected with a miR-34a LNA inhibitor to investigate its role in oncogene-induced senescence   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling of human cells transfected with a miR-34a LNA inhibitor to investigate its role in oncogene-induced senescence br / Number of assays: 12 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: RNA Interference, Compound br / Last update: 16-08-2014 br / 
 Transcription profiling by array of B cells from tonsils, cord blood and peripheral blood infected with Epstein-Barr virus   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling by array of B cells from tonsils, cord blood and peripheral blood infected with Epstein-Barr virus br / Number of assays: 24 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Infect, Organism Part br / Last update: 22-10-2015 br / 
 Transcription profiling by array of excisional biopsy wounds from young and old human subjects to measure the influence of age on cutaneous wound healing   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling by array of excisional biopsy wounds from young and old human subjects to measure the influence of age on cutaneous wound healing br / Number of assays: 6 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome HG-U133A [HG-U133A] br / Experimental factors: Developmental Stage br / Last update: 09-09-2014 br / 
 Aerobic training modulation of the host systemic milieu directly alters breast cancer cell phenotype in vitro   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Aerobic training modulation of the host systemic milieu directly alters breast cancer cell phenotype in vitro br / Number of assays: 6 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Treatment br / Last update: 25-08-2015 br / 
 Inferring transcriptional and microRNA-mediated regulatory programs in glioblastoma   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Inferring transcriptional and microRNA-mediated regulatory programs in glioblastoma br / Number of assays: 18 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: RNA Interference br / Last update: 17-08-2015 br / 
 Paclitaxel resistant MDA-MB-231 Cells and resensitization with bexarotene treatment   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Paclitaxel resistant MDA-MB-231 Cells and resensitization with bexarotene treatment br / Number of assays: 16 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome HG-U133A [HG-U133A] br / Experimental factors: Treatment br / Last update: 06-08-2015 br / 
 Brain tumor initiating cell response to microglia   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Brain tumor initiating cell response to microglia br / Number of assays: 7 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Compound br / Last update: 18-06-2015 br / 
 Human Nephrosclerosis Triggers a Hypoxia-Related Glomerulopathy   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Human Nephrosclerosis Triggers a Hypoxia-Related Glomerulopathy br / Number of assays: 18 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome HG-U133A [HG-U133A] br / Experimental factors: Disease br / Last update: 03-07-2014 br / 
 Expression profile of non-muscle invasive (superficial) bladder carcinoma   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Expression profile of non-muscle invasive (superficial) bladder carcinoma br / Number of assays: 83 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Disease br / Last update: 27-07-2015 br / 
 Transcription profiling by array of human B cells expressing Notch1-IC, Notch2-IC, CAT or EBNA2   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling by array of human B cells expressing Notch1-IC, Notch2-IC, CAT or EBNA2 br / Number of assays: 33 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Phenotype, Time br / Last update: 28-08-2015 br / 
 Transcription profiling by array of irradiated human MOLT4 cells   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling by array of irradiated human MOLT4 cells br / Number of assays: 21 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome HG-U133A [HG-U133A] br / Experimental factors: Irradiate, Time br / Last update: 16-08-2014 br / 
 Transcription profiling by array of human monocyte-derived dendritic cells treated with 1,25-dihydroxyvitamin D3   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling by array of human monocyte-derived dendritic cells treated with 1,25-dihydroxyvitamin D3 br / Number of assays: 12 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Cell Type, Compound, Time br / Last update: 29-07-2015 br / 
 Gene expression data of sensitive, Docetaxel resistant and Paclitaxel resistant MDA-MB-231 Cells   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Gene expression data of sensitive, Docetaxel resistant and Paclitaxel resistant MDA-MB-231 Cells br / Number of assays: 9 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome HG-U133A [HG-U133A] br / Experimental factors: Compound br / Last update: 12-08-2015 br / 
 Gene expression profile of invasive and non-invasive esophageal squamous cell carcinoma cells   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Gene expression profile of invasive and non-invasive esophageal squamous cell carcinoma cells br / Number of assays: 35 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Phenotype br / Last update: 15-09-2015 br / 
 Transcription profiling by array of human breast cancer mammospheres and breast tumors   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling by array of human breast cancer mammospheres and breast tumors br / Number of assays: 26 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Cell Type br / Last update: 27-07-2015 br / 
 Transcription profiling by array of human hepatitis B virus (HBV) and hepatitis C virus (HCV) induced hepatocellular (HCC) carcinoma and surrounding noncancerous liver tissue   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling by array of human hepatitis B virus (HBV) and hepatitis C virus (HCV) induced hepatocellular (HCC) carcinoma and surrounding noncancerous liver tissue br / Number of assays: 20 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Clinical Information, Disease br / Last update: 31-07-2015 br / 
 Transcription profiling of human lobular and ductal invasive carcinomas vs normal breast tissue from the same patient to identify gene expression profiles of ductal and lobular carcinomas in relation to normal ductal and lobular cells   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling of human lobular and ductal invasive carcinomas vs normal breast tissue from the same patient to identify gene expression profiles of ductal and lobular carcinomas in relation to normal ductal and lobular cells br / Number of assays: 29 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Clinical Information br / Last update: 27-07-2015 br / 
 Transcription profiling of effected genes by compound BIO,3G4 and knockdown of MED23   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling of effected genes by compound BIO,3G4 and knockdown of MED23 br / Number of assays: 6 br / Technology: Agilent Human Gene Expression 4x44K v2 Microarray 026652 G4845A br / Experimental factors: Cell Line, Compound, Time br / Last update: 14-07-2015 br / 
 Transcription profiling by array of human acute lymphoblastic leukemia and normal haemopoietic samples using Agilent Whole Human Genome Oligo Microarrays   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling by array of human acute lymphoblastic leukemia and normal haemopoietic samples using Agilent Whole Human Genome Oligo Microarrays br / Number of assays: 15 br / Technology: Agilent 028004 SurePrint G3 Human GE 8x60K Microarray br / Experimental factors: Cell Type, Disease br / Last update: 03-11-2015 br / 
 Transcription profiling by array of human primary astrocytes, cancer stem cells derived from astrocytes overexpressing various oncogenic and iPSC-inducing factors, glioma stem cells and gliblastomat cell line to compare their expression profiles and tumor-initiating capabilities   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling by array of human primary astrocytes, cancer stem cells derived from astrocytes overexpressing various oncogenic and iPSC-inducing factors, glioma stem cells and gliblastomat cell line to compare their expression profiles and tumor-initiating capabilities br / Number of assays: 15 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133A 2.0 [HG-U133A\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Phenotype br / Last update: 09-11-2016 br / 
 Transcription profiling of three cutaneous rosacea subtypes to characterize the inflammatory infiltrate   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling of three cutaneous rosacea subtypes to characterize the inflammatory infiltrate br / Number of assays: 58 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Clinical Information br / Last update: 09-06-2016 br / 
 Transcription profiling by array of human primary macrophages after treatment with TGF-beta   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling by array of human primary macrophages after treatment with TGF-beta br / Number of assays: 20 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Compound, Growth Condition, Time br / Last update: 03-09-2014 br / 
 Analysis of global changes in gene expression induced by human polynucleotide phosphorylase (hPNPaseold-35)   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Analysis of global changes in gene expression induced by human polynucleotide phosphorylase (hPNPaseold-35) br / Number of assays: 12 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133A 2.0 [HG-U133A\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Cell Line, Treatment br / Last update: 18-06-2015 br / 
 Transcription profiling of human acne lesion vs. normal skin from acne and non acne patients   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling of human acne lesion vs. normal skin from acne and non acne patients br / Number of assays: 18 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133A 2.0 [HG-U133A\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Disease, Phenotype br / Last update: 19-05-2016 br / 
 Human bronchial epithelial cells exposed to A. alternata spores   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Human bronchial epithelial cells exposed to A. alternata spores br / Number of assays: 6 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Infect br / Last update: 21-09-2015 br / 
 Transcription profiling by array of human gastrointestinal stromal tumours mutant for KIT and/or PDGFRA   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling by array of human gastrointestinal stromal tumours mutant for KIT and/or PDGFRA br / Number of assays: 29 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Genotype br / Last update: 07-09-2015 br / 
 Expression data of A375 melanoma cells after DMSO or MLN4924 treatment from 1 hour to 24 hour   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Expression data of A375 melanoma cells after DMSO or MLN4924 treatment from 1 hour to 24 hour br / Number of assays: 30 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Compound, Time br / Last update: 25-08-2015 br / 
 Expression profiling of PBMC from patients with hepatocellular carcinoma   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Expression profiling of PBMC from patients with hepatocellular carcinoma br / Number of assays: 26 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Disease br / Last update: 25-08-2015 br / 
 Expression data from MCF7 cell line after silencing of Estrogen receptor   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Expression data from MCF7 cell line after silencing of Estrogen receptor br / Number of assays: 6 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Phenotype br / Last update: 12-08-2015 br / 
 Transcription profiling by array of human embryonic stem cells treated with the peptide hormone ELA   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling by array of human embryonic stem cells treated with the peptide hormone ELA br / Number of assays: 6 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Compound br / Last update: 06-11-2015 br / 
 Early Dysregulation of Cell Adhesion and Extracellular Matrix Pathways in Breast Cancer Progression   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Early Dysregulation of Cell Adhesion and Extracellular Matrix Pathways in Breast Cancer Progression br / Number of assays: 40 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome HG-U133A [HG-U133A] br / Experimental factors: Disease Staging br / Last update: 06-08-2015 br / 
 Expression data from ARPE-19 cells treated with LDL or ox-LDL   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Expression data from ARPE-19 cells treated with LDL or ox-LDL br / Number of assays: 9 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Compound br / Last update: 03-07-2014 br / 
 Transcription profiling by array of human young and senescent HUVECs under static and laminar shear stress conditions   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling by array of human young and senescent HUVECs under static and laminar shear stress conditions br / Number of assays: 12 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Growth Condition, Phenotype br / Last update: 28-08-2015 br / 
 Transcription profiling of lesional and non-lesional skin from acne patients to study the role of inflammation in early acne lesions   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling of lesional and non-lesional skin from acne patients to study the role of inflammation in early acne lesions br / Number of assays: 24 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Phenotype br / Last update: 19-05-2016 br / 
 Expression profiling in four human bladder cancer cell lines   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Expression profiling in four human bladder cancer cell lines br / Number of assays: 7 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome HG-U133A [HG-U133A] br / Experimental factors: Cell Line br / Last update: 13-07-2015 br / 
 Gene expression profiling of parkinsonian substantia nigra   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Gene expression profiling of parkinsonian substantia nigra br / Number of assays: 11 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome Focus Array [HG-Focus] br / Experimental factors: Disease br / Last update: 15-09-2015 br / 
 Transcription profiling of esophagus samples from eight human patients with Barretts associated adenocarcinomas   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling of esophagus samples from eight human patients with Barretts associated adenocarcinomas br / Number of assays: 24 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome HG-U133A [HG-U133A] br / Experimental factors: Disease br / Last update: 29-07-2015 br / 
 Gene expression signatures of symptomatic respiratory viral infection in adults   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Gene expression signatures of symptomatic respiratory viral infection in adults br / Number of assays: 113 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133A 2.0 [HG-U133A\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Clinical History, Clinical Information, Infect br / Last update: 12-08-2015 br / 
 Gene expression profile of ARPE-19 cells treated with TGF and TNF for 6 and 42 hour   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Gene expression profile of ARPE-19 cells treated with TGF and TNF for 6 and 42 hour br / Number of assays: 12 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Compound, Time br / Last update: 02-09-2015 br / 
 Transcription profiling by array of human patient (familial platelet disorder with predisposition to acute myeloid leukemia) and mutation-corrected (clones E and F) iPSC lines   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling by array of human patient (familial platelet disorder with predisposition to acute myeloid leukemia) and mutation-corrected (clones E and F) iPSC lines br / Number of assays: 9 br / Technology: Affymetrix Human Gene 2.0 ST Array [HuGene-2\ 0-st] br / Experimental factors: Genotype br / Last update: 08-08-2016 br / 
 Effects of co-culture of  Endothelial Cells with Mesenchymal Stem Cells on Gene Expression   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Effects of co-culture of  Endothelial Cells with Mesenchymal Stem Cells on Gene Expression br / Number of assays: 16 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Cell Type, Growth Condition br / Last update: 30-09-2015 br / 
 Transcription profiling by array of human malignant peripheral nerve sheath tumor cells after infection with herpes simplex virus G207   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling by array of human malignant peripheral nerve sheath tumor cells after infection with herpes simplex virus G207 br / Number of assays: 22 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Infect br / Last update: 03-07-2014 br / 
 DNA microarray analysis in H69 cells treated with either vehicle, PIK75 targeting p110-alpha, or TGX221 targeting p110-beta   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: DNA microarray analysis in H69 cells treated with either vehicle, PIK75 targeting p110-alpha, or TGX221 targeting p110-beta br / Number of assays: 9 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Compound br / Last update: 19-08-2015 br / 
 Transcription profiling of patients with four neurodegenerative disorders distinguishes tauopathies and identifies shared molecular pathways   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling of patients with four neurodegenerative disorders distinguishes tauopathies and identifies shared molecular pathways br / Number of assays: 31 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Disease br / Last update: 27-07-2015 br / 
 Expression data from Control, Uninfected and BRAF infected cells   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Expression data from Control, Uninfected and BRAF infected cells br / Number of assays: 9 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Treatment br / Last update: 25-08-2015 br / 
 Transcription profiling by array of human cord blood derived endothelial colony forming cells grown in serum-free conditions   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling by array of human cord blood derived endothelial colony forming cells grown in serum-free conditions br / Number of assays: 10 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Growth Condition br / Last update: 03-07-2014 br / 
 Watkins et al 2011 The study identified a large structural variant in an unaffected parent that was transmitted to a stillborn proband with infantile arterial calcification.
 Transcription profiling by array of human blood monocyte stimulated with various stimuli (control, MRP8, LPS, TNF, IL1) to study signalling pathways in phagocytic activation   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling by array of human blood monocyte stimulated with various stimuli (control, MRP8, LPS, TNF, IL1) to study signalling pathways in phagocytic activation br / Number of assays: 19 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome HG-U133A [HG-U133A], Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Stimulus br / Last update: 05-01-2015 br / 
 E-GEOD-32590 - Regulation of gene expression in the postnatally developing monkey hippocampal formation The hippocampus is part of a brain network essential for memory function.     Paradoxically, the hippocampus is also the brain structure that is most sensitive to hypoxic-ischemic episodes.     Here we show that the expression of genes associated with glycolysis and glutamate metabolism in astrocytes and the coverage of excitatory synapses by astrocytic processes undergo significant decreases in the CA1 field of the monkey hippocampus during postnatal development.     Given the established role of astrocytes in the regulation of glutamate concentration in the synaptic cleft, our findings indicate that a developmental decrease in astrocytic processes underlies the selective vulnerability of CA1 during hypoxic-ischemic episodes in adulthood, its decreased susceptibility to febrile seizures with age, as well as contribute to the emergence of selective, adult-like memory function.     Regulation of gene expression in the postnatally developing hippocampus might contribute to the emergence of selective memory function.     However, the mechanisms that underlie the co-regulation of expression of hundreds of genes in different cell types at specific ages in distinct hippocampal regions have yet to be elucidated.     By performing genome-wide microarray analyses of gene expression in distinct regions of the monkey hippocampal formation during early postnatal development, we identified one particular group of genes exhibiting a down-regulation of expression, between birth and six months of age in CA1 and after one year of age in CA3, to reach expression levels observed at 6-12 years of age.     Bioinformatics analyses using NCBI, miRBase, TargetScan, microRNA.org and Affymetrix tools identified a number of miRNAs capable of regulating the expression of these genes simultaneously in different cell types, i.e., in neurons, astrocytes and oligodendrocytes.     Interestingly, sixty-five percent of these miRNAs are conserved across species, from rodents to humans; whereas thirty-five percent are specific to primates, including humans.     In addition, we found that some genes exhibiting greater down-regulation of their expression were the predicted targets of a greater number of these miRNAs. In sum, miRNAs may play a fundamental role in the co-regulation of gene expression in different cell types.     This mechanism is partially conserved across species, and may thus contribute to the similarity of basic hippocampal characteristics across mammals.     This mechanism also exhibits a phylogenetic diversity that may contribute to more subtle species differences in hippocampal structure and function observed at the cellular level.     Sixteen male rhesus monkeys (Macaca mulatta; four 1-day-olds, four 6-month-olds, four 1-year-olds and four 6-12-year-olds) were used for this study.     Monkeys were injected with an overdose of sodium pentobarbital (50 mg/kg i.v., Fatal-Plus, Vortech Pharmaceuticals, Dearborn, MI) and the brain rapidly extracted.     Five-millimeter thick slices of the brain were cut and stored overnight in RNAlaterä (Ambion, Austin, TX) at 4oC. Brain slices were then frozen in liquid nitrogen and re-sectioned at 100 µm for microdissection.     Five hippocampal regions were microdissected, including the entorhinal cortex (all layers at the mid-rostrocaudal level; intermediate division, Ei), and all layers of the dentate gyrus, CA3, CA1 and subiculum at mid-rostrocaudal level of the body of the hippocampus (at the level of the lateral geniculate nucleus). Only the mid-transverse portion of each region was dissected to ensure the specificity of the sample.     RNA was isolated with Trizol® and single stranded cDNA synthesized starting with 10 µg of total RNA. The sample from each region from each monkey was run on a separate chip, thus totaling 4 (animals per age) X 4 (ages) X 5 (regions) = 80 independent chips.
 E-GEOD-41329 - Blockade of thymic stromal lymphopoietin receptor (TSLPR) reduces allergic inflammation in a cynomolgus monkey model of asthma TSLP pathway blockade is a potential strategy for asthma treatment, as TSLP modulates cytokine production by mast cells and regulates the activation of dendritic cells (DCs), which prime the differentiation of naïve T cells into inflammatory Th2 cells.     To assess the effect of TSLPR blockade on the development of allergic inflammation and bronchoconstriction in Cynomolgus monkeys after Ascaris suum allergen challenge.     Antibodies against human TSLPR were generated and confirmed to be cross-reactive to cynomolgus.     Animals were dosed weekly with either vehicle (n=8) or TSLPR HuMAb (n=8) for 6 weeks and their responses to A.Suum challenge at baseline, week 2 and week 6 were assessed.     Antibody-treated animals showed reduced bronchoalveolar lavage (BAL) eosinophil counts (p=0.04), reduced lung resistance (RL) area under the curve (p=0.04), and reduced IL-13 cytokine levels in BAL fluid (p=0.03) in response to challenge at 6 weeks compared to vehicle-treated animals.      To understand the molecular changes underlying these differences, BAL fluid samples pre- and post-challenge were profiled using microarrays.     Genes up-regulated by allergen challenge overlapped strongly with 11 genes up-regulated in DCs when stimulated by TSLP (TSLP-DC signature). The number of genes differentially expressed in response to challenge was reduced in aTSLPR-treated animals after 6 weeks relative to vehicle-treated animals.      Expression of the TSLP-DC gene signature was also significantly reduced in aTSLPR-treated animals (p = 0.05). These results demonstrate promising efficacy for TSLPR blockade in an allergen challenge model where TSLP activation of DCs may play a key role.     Animals were dosed weekly with either vehicle (n=8) or TSLPR HuMAb (n=8) for 6 weeks and their responses to A.Suum challenge at baseline, week 2 and week 6 were assessed.     One monkey in the aTSLPR-treated group expired during the study for reasons not linked to drug safety and tolerability.     BAL fluid samples for all animals were subject to gene expression profiling for pre-challenge, 8h and 24h post-challenge timepoints, at baseline, week 2 and week 6. This amounted to a total of 135 microarrays.     Data from 8 animals were excluded as outliers, determined by PCA.
 E-GEOD-69603 - Gene expression profiles of induced pluripotent stem cells (iPSCs) and skin fibroblasts from orangutans Orangutans are an endangered species whose natural habitats are restricted to the Southeast Asian islands of Borneo and Sumatra.     For potential species conservation and functional genomics studies, we derived induced pluripotent stem cells (iPSCs) from cryopreserved skin fibroblasts obtained from captive orangutans.     We report the gene expression profiles of iPSCs and skin fibroblasts derived from orangtuans.     The overall goal was to evaluate gene expression biomarkers of pluripotency in iPSCs and skin fibroblasts  derived from PBD-ZSD patients and healthy controls.     Dermal fibroblast cultures from 2 orangutans were reprogrammed into iPSCs by transfection with retroviruses designed to express the human OCT4, SOX2, KLF4 and c-MYC cDNA.  Fibroblasts and iPSCs were cultured in 1:1 ratio of DMEM:F12 medium supplemented with 20% KOSR (knock-out serum replacement) at 37°C with 5% CO2 until confluence for RNA extraction.     The overall goal was to evaluate gene expression biomarkers of pluripotency in iPSCs and original fibroblast cultures.
 E-GEOD-56334 - Comparative genomic hybridization of CHO Chr6 cell line Aim is to validate content of human genomic material in CHO cells monosomal for human chromosome 6. Comparative genomic hybridization to define human genomic regions maintained in hamster hybridoma cell line.
 E-GEOD-17058 - MiRNA expression in adipose tissue and liver from a spontaneous rat model of Type 2 diabetes MicroRNAs (miRNAs) are non-coding RNA molecules involved in post-transcriptional control of gene expression of a wide number of genes, including those involved in glucose homeostasis.     Type 2 diabetes (T2D) is characterized by hyperglycaemia and defects in insulin secretion and action at target tissues.     Using a miRNA microarray platform, we sought to establish differences in miRNA expression in two insulin-target tissues (liver and adipose tissue) from seven-month-old spontaneously diabetic (Goto-Kakizaki [GK]) and non-diabetic (Brown-Norway [BN]) rats.     MiRNA data were integrated with gene expression data from the same rats to investigate how differentially expressed miRNAs affected the expression of their predicted target genes.     Two-colour experiment comparing GK and BN rat strains for two different tissues.     Biological replicates: 4 GK and 4 BN rats; adipose tissue and liver extracted from each rat.     Two samples were hybridised to each array (one of each strain, same tissue)
 E-GEOD-23216 - PITX1 suppresses TERT transcription Using microcell-mediated chromosome transfer (MMCT) into the mouse melanoma cell line, B16F10, we have previously found that human chromosome 5 carries a gene, or genes, that can negatively regulate TERT expression.     To identify the gene responsible for the regulation of TERT transcription, we performed cDNA microarray analysis using parental B16F10 cells, telomerase negative B16F10 microcell hybrids with a human chromosome 5 (B16F10MH5), and its revertant clones (MH5R) with reactivated telomerase.     Here we report the identification of PITX1, whose restoration  leads to the downregulation of mouse tert (mtert) transcription, as a TERT suppressor gene.     Additionally, both human TERT (hTERT) and mouse TERT (mtert) promoter activity can be suppressed by PITX1. We showed that three and one binding sites, respectively, within the hTERT and mtert promoters that express a unique conserved region are responsible for the transcriptional activation of TERT. Furthermore, we showed that PITX1 binds to the TERT promoter both in vitro and in vivo.     Thus, PITX1 suppresses TERT transcription through direct binding to the TERT promoter, which ultimately regulates telomerase activity.     We transferred intact human chromosome 5 into mouse melanoma B16F10 cells by microcell fusion.     The microcell hybrids (MH5) exhibited suppression of telomerase, we also obtained revertant clones (MH5R) in which telomerase is reactivated.     To identify the differentially expressed genes on human chromosome 5, we performed expression microarray analysis using these two clones and parental B16F10 cells.
 E-GEOD-26224 - Expression data from human (h-) growth hormone-treated and untreated chimeric mouse liver repopulated with human hepatocytes We generated h-hepatocyte chimeric mice with livers that were predominantly repopulated with h-hepatocytes in a h-growth hormone (GH)-deficient state.     Using microarray profiles, comparison between h-hepatocytes from h-GH-treated and untreated mice identified 14 GH-up-regulated and four GH-down-regulated genes, including IGF-1, SOCS2, NNMT, IGFLS, P4AH1, SLC16A1, and SRD5A1, and FADS1 and AKR1B10, respectively.     The chimeric mice were treated or untreated with h-GH at 2.5 mg/kg b.w. /day for 2 weeks before sacrifice.     Hepatocytes or liver tissue were isolated from the mouse livers and their cDNAs were used  for microarray analysis.
 E-GEOD-77134 - miRNA expression changes in small intestinal lamina propria leukocyte samples during the course of SIV infection of rhesus macaques This study describes differential miRNA expression in small intestinal lamina propria leukocyte samples longitudinally during the course of SIV infection of rhesus macaques.     Notably, the T-cell activation associated miR-15b, miR-142-3p, miR-142-5p and miR-150 expression was significantly downregulated at 90 and 180DPI. Further, reporter and overexpression assays validated IRAK1 as a direct miR-150 target.     Furthermore, IRAK1 protein levels were markedly elevated in intestinal LPLs and epithelium.     Finally, blockade of CD8+ T-cell activation/proliferation with delta-9 tetrahydrocannabinol (9-THC) significantly prevented miR-150 downregulation and IRAK1 upregulation.     Our findings suggest that miR-150 downregulation during T-cell activation may disrupt the translational control of IRAK1 facilitating persistent GI inflammation.     We performed TaqMan Low Density Array based high throughput miRNA analysis on small intestine tissue from 12 chronically SIV-infected and 4 uninfected control macaques.     All SIV-infected animals were inoculated intravenously with 100TCID50 of SIV. Out of the ten, one animal each was at 7, 8 and 10DPI (days post infection), 3 each at 13 and 21DPI, and 1 at 29DPI. microRNA reverse transcription and preamplification was performed according to the manufacturer’s recommendation.     Data analysis was performed using RQ Manager 1.2.2 and DataAssist v3.01 software.     Data was normalized using Global normalization method and multiple comparisons correction was performed using Benjamini-Hochberg method.
 E-GEOD-6599 - Transcription profiling of monkey aorta to examine aging and gender effects Although increased vascular stiffness is more prominent in aging males than females, and males are more prone to vascular disease with aging, no study has investigated the genes potentially responsible for gender differences in vascular aging.      We tested the hypothesis that the transcriptional adaptation to aging differs in males and females using a monkey model, which is not only physiologically and phylogenetically closer to humans than the more commonly studied rodent models, but also is not afflicted with the most common forms of vascular disease that accompany the aging process in humans, e.g., atherosclerosis, hypertension, and diabetes.     Gene expressions of monkey aorta from four groups (YF, OF, YM, OM) were detected to find out the molecular mechanism of aorta stiffness.     Experiment Overall Design: Four groups were used in this experiment.     6 samples per group.The transcriptional profile of the aorta was compared by high-density microarrays between young and old males or females.      About 600 genes were expressed differentially when comparing old versus young animals.     Analysis of the different groups was further performed by gene ontology.We also analyzed  whether the transcriptional regulation described above might correspond to specific transcription factors
 E-GEOD-26326 - Gene expression signatures differ with extent of atherosclerosis in monkey iliac artery Goal of the experiment:  To examine differential gene expression in the iliac arteries of cynomolgous monkeys in the presence of small, medium, or large atherosclerotic plaque.      Brief description of the experiment:   Objective:  To examine global gene expression patterns in the iliac arteries of monkeys containing small, medium, or large atherosclerotic plaque.     Design:  The left iliac artery of 12 ovariectomized cynomolgous monkeys on a high fat diet for 8 years was biopsied.      Gene expression was analyzed by DNA microarray and real time RT-PCR. Results:  Significant up- or down-regulation of 986 genes was observed in monkey iliac arteries in the presence of atherosclerotic plaque.      Changes in gene expression with atherosclerosis ranged from 0.1-151.9-fold.      Differentially expressed genes included many cytokines, chemokines, components of signal transduction pathways, and transcriptional activators and repressors, among others.      Real time RT-PCR confirmed down-regulation of estrogen receptor 1 (ESR1), claudin 11, BH protocadherin 7 (PCDH7), and the up-regulation of apolipoprotein E (ApoE), growth differentiation factor 15 (GDF15), superoxide dismutase 2 (SOD2), SET domain, bifurcated 2 (SETDB2), phospholipase A2 group IIA (PLA2IIA), phospholipase A2 group VII (PLA2VII), and ring finger protein 149 (RNF149).   Conclusions:  The gene expression environment in arteries containing atherosclerotic plaque is profoundly different from that of arteries without atherosclerosis.      The data suggest that the changes in gene expression contribute to the disease process in diseased arteries.     Experimental factors:  presence of disease (atherosclerosis)  Experimental design:  Female cynomolgous monkeys had been ovariectomized for 4 years and on a high fat diet for 8 years.     The left iliac artery was removed at surgical biopsy.      The presence and size of atherosclerotic plaque was quantified in the iliac arteries.      Samples were divided categories based on plaque size; categories were small (0-0.113mm2, n=4), medium (0.30-0.542 mm2, n=5), and large (0.61-1.003 mm2, n=3) atherosclerotic plaques.      Arterial tissue from the iliac arteries was used for DNA microarray analysis of gene expression.      Quality control steps:  The cRNA that was synthesized from each iliac artery was used for hybridization to a single CodeLink (Amersham/GE) whole human microarray.      Only one sample was hybridized with each slide and only one dye (Alexa 647) was used so no dye swaps were necessary.      Bacterial control spikes were used as per manufacturer's instructions.      Samples used, extract preparation and labelling: The origin of each biological sample:  The samples were iliac arterial tissue from cynomolgous monkeys.        Manipulations of biological samples and protocols used:  Cynomolgous monkeys were placed on a high fat diet 8 years before the experiment and ovariectomized 4 years prior to the experiment to induce a surgical menopause.      The left iliac artery was surgically removed from each animal in the study.      The presence and size of atherosclerotic plaque was quantified in the iliac arteries  Experimental factor:  size of atherosclerotic plaque  Technical protocols:  The iliac arteries were homogenized in TRI reagent, bromochloropropane and sodium acetate were added, and the samples were centrifuged to separate the phases.      The RNA-containing layer was removed and the RNA purified on an RNeasy extraction column (Qiagen).  The sample was treated with an on-column DNase treatment (RNase-free DNase, Qiagen).  The purity and quantity of RNA were evaluated by an Agilent Bioanalyzer using the RNA 6000 Nanoassay LabChip.      Labelled cRNA was prepared using the MessageAmp II-Biotin enhanced kit (Ambion).  0.275 microgram of total iliac artery RNA was mixed with bacterial control RNA spikes and primed with T7 oligo(dT) primer for 10 min at 70C.  (The bacterial control spikes included araB, entF, fixB, gnd, hisB, and leuB.)  The first strand of cDNA was synthesized with first strand buffer, dNTP mix, RNase inhibitor, and reverse transcriptase for 2 h at 42C.  The second strand cDNA synthesis reaction was prepared using second strand buffer, dNTP mix, DNA polymerase mix, and RNase H; the reaction was carried out for 2h at 16C.  The double-stranded cDNA was purified on QIAquick columns (Qiagen) and the eluent was dried down in a SpeedVac concentrator.      The double-stranded cDNA was resuspended in a mixture containing T7 reaction buffer, T7 ATP, T7 GTP, T7 UTP, T7 CTP, biotin-11-UTP, and T7 enzyme mix for the synthesis of cRNA.  The cRNA synthesis reaction was terminated after 14h at 37C by purifying the cRNA on RNeasy columns (Qiagen).  The concentration of cRNA was determined by spectrophotometry.        Hybridization procedures and parameters:  10 micrograms of cRNA was mixed with fragmentation buffer and heated to 94C for 20 min.      The fragmented cRNA was mixed with CodeLink hybridization buffer, loaded on the microarray slides, and hybridized for 18 hours at 37C.   The slides were washed in 0.75x TNT (Tris-HCl, NaCl, Tween-20) at 46C for 1h then incubated with streptavidin-Alexa 647 fluorescent dye for 30 min at room temperature.      The Alexa fluor was prepared in TNB blocking buffer (0.1M Tris-HCl, 0.15M NaCL, 0.5% NEN Blocking Reagent-PerkinElmer)  The slides were then washed 4 times for 5 min each in 1x TNT and twice in 0.05% Tween 20 for 5 sec each.      The slides were dried by centrifugation and scanned in an Axon GenePix 4000B scanner.      Keywords:  nonhuman primate, disease state analysis
 Prostate adenocarcinoma and ionizing radiation Time course of androgen-independent LNCaP C4-2 prostate adenocarcinoma cells following a dose of 10 Sv ionizing radiation (IR). Cells harvested at several time points up to 24 hours after IR.
 Kidney transplant rejection expression profiling Analysis of kidney transplant rejection by expression profiling of kidney biopsies and peripheral blood lymphocytes from patients. Results identify expression profiles unique to rejection, dysfunction without rejection, and well-functioning transplants.
 Juvenile rheumatoid arthritis expression profiles in mononuclear cells Examination of peripheral blood and synovial fluid mononuclear cells in pauciarticular and polyarticular rheumatoid arthritis, and in juvenile spondyloarthropathy.  Results identify disease subtypes and provide insight into disease mechanisms.
 HIV integration sites and gene transcription activity Correlation of HIV integration sites to gene activity in SupT1 (T cell), PBMC (peripheral blood mononuclear cell), and IMR90 (lung fibroblast) cell lines infected with an HIV-based vector.  Results provide insight into sites preferred in HIV integration.
 Aging brain: frontal cortex expression profiles at various ages Analysis of gene expression profiles obtained from the postmortem frontal cortex of 18 normal males and 12 normal females at 26 to 106 years of age.  Results provide insight into molecular events underlying the onset of brain aging.
 Heart  failure arising from different etiologies Examination of left ventricle in idiopathic dilated and ischemic cardiomyopathy.  Diseased ventricles examined in reference to normal.
 Breast cancer cell expression profiles (HG-U95A) Expression profiling of breast cancer cell lines HCC 1954 and MDA-MB-436 in reference to mammary epithelial cells.  Results used to validate a method of comparing data generated from Affymetrix arrays to that from cDNA arrays.  The method uses DNA sequence to match probes between platforms.
 Schizophrenia: postmortem superior temporal cortex Analysis of post-mortem tissue from the superior temporal cortex (Brodmann Area 22, BA22) of schizophrenic patients.  The BA22 region mediates the positive pathophysiology of schizophrenia. Results provide insight into molecular mechanisms underlying the positive symptoms of schizophrenia.
 Monozygotic twin pairs discordant for ulcerative colitis: intestinal biopsies Analysis of colon mucosal tissue from 10 monozygotic (MZ) twins discordant for ulcerative colitis (UC). Twins (paired samples) were analyzed to obtain mucosal response data independent of genetic variation. Results provide insight into molecular mechanisms underlying UC.
 Multiple myeloma bone marrow mesenchymal stromal cells Analysis of bone marrow mesenchymal stromal cells (BM-MSCs) from untreated multiple myeloma (MM) patients. In MM, BM-MSCs support myeloma cell growth. Results provide insight into the molecular mechanisms underlying constitutive abnormalities in MM BM-MSCs relative to healthy donors’ BM-MSCs.
 Epidermal injury model Analysis of trypsin-disassociated keratinocytes (KCs) isolated from normal skin as a model for epidermal injury.  These sorted keratinocytes (KC sorted) were compared to KCs isolated by LCM (KC LCM) and long-term cultured KCs (KC in vitro). Results provide insight into the KC injury response.
 Psoriasis non-lesional skin response to interferon-γ Analysis of non-lesional (NL) skin of psoriasis patients 24 hrs after a single intradermal injection of interferon-γ (IFN-γ) to the NL skin. Results suggest that IFN-γ may prime an inflammatory environment in the skin that shares many features with psoriasis.
 Central nervous system primitive neuroectodermal tumors Analysis of central nervous system primitive neuroectodermal tumors (CNS PNET). CNS PNETs are embryonal tumors that occur predominantly in children. Results provide insight into the molecular mechanisms underlying CNS PNET pathogenesis.
 Cediranib effect on metastatic alveolar soft part sarcoma Analysis of metastatic alveolar soft part sarcoma (ASPS) biopsies from patients treated with cediranib, a small-molecule inhibitor of vascular endothelial growth factor receptors. Results provide insight into molecular mechanisms underlying the substantial single-agent activity of cediranib on ASPS.
 Microarray technology comparison (HG-U95A) Part of a comparison of spotted long oligonucleotide arrays with in situ synthesized 25-mer arrays. Examination of amplified and unamplified K562 erythroleukemia RNA and Stratagene Universal Human Reference RNA.
 Psoriasis lesional and non-lesional skin Analysis of skin punch biopsies from lesional skin (involved sample) and non-lesional skin (uninvolved sample) from each psoriatic patient. Psoriasis is an immune-mediated, inflammatory and hyperproliferative disease of skin and joints. Results provide insight into the molecular basis of psoriasis.
 CD34+derived erythoblast co-culture with Plasmodium falciparum 3D7 (Dchip analysis) Analysis of growth factor-mobilized, CD34+ hematopoietic stem cells in vitro differentiated to day 10 (polychromatophilic stage) or day 14 (orthochromatic stage) then infected with P. falciparum for 24 hr. Results provide insight into host erythroblast cell response to infection by P. falciparum.
 Inflammatory amnion mesenchymal cell model response to interleukin-1β: time course Analysis of monolayer cultures of amnion mesenchymal cells (AMC) following interleukin-1β challenge for up to 8 hrs. These AMCs represent an in vitro model system by which to study the inflammatory component of labor. Results provide insight into molecular response of AMCs to cytokine challenge.
 Antiphospholipid antibody effect on first-trimester placental explants Analysis of first-trimester placenta explants treated with antiphospholipid antibodies. Antiphospholipid antibodies are a maternal risk factor for preeclampsia. Results provide insight into molecular mechanisms underlying antiphospholipid antibody involvement in preeclampsia pathogenesis.
 Idiopathic pulmonary fibrosis: cultured lung fibroblasts Analysis of lung fibroblasts from individuals with rapid or slow progressing idiopathic pulmonary fibrosis (IPF). Results provide insight into molecular mechanisms underlying the different degrees of
 Transforming growth factor-β effect on fibroblasts in the presence of Trypanosoma cruzi conditioned medium Analysis of fibroblasts stimulated with TGF-β in the presence of T. cruzi-conditioned medium (PCM). A soluble factor(s) from T. cruzi inhibits TGF-ß-induced MAP kinase activation. Results provide insight into the ability of secreted parasite molecules to hinder agonist-induced host cell signaling.
 Growth-arrested cell: serum deprivation and contact inhibition growth-arrest comparison Expression profiling of T98G cancer cells in growth-arrest induced by 3 days of either serum deprivation or contact inhibition. Results show that targets of the p130- E2F4 repressor complex are downregulated under the two growth-arrest conditions.
 Skeletal muscle response to exercise and circadian rhythms Analysis of effects of resistance exercise (RE) and time of day in skeletal muscle. Biopsies of male vastus lateralis muscle obtained 6 and 18 hours after acute RE, or no RE. Results suggest that RE may directly modulate circadian rhythms in skeletal muscle.
 Macular degeneration and dermal fibroblast response to sublethal oxidative stress Expression profiling of dermal fibroblasts from patients with macular degeneration.  Fibroblasts subjected to sublethal oxidative stress.  This study tests the hypothesis that patients with macular degeneration have an abnormal response to cellular injury in sites other than the eye.
 Chronic myelogenous leukemia response to imatinib Analysis of peripheral blood and bone marrow of chronic myelogenous leukemia (CML) patients prior to imatinib (Gleevec) treatment. Imatinib induces complete cytogenetic response (CCR) in most CML patients. This study attempts to determine transcriptional signature of imatinib non-responders.
 Hematopoeitic stem cells of various types Expression profiling of Lin-CD34-, Lin-CD34+, and Lin+CD34+ peripheral blood hematopoeitic stem cells (HSCs). Results provide insight into the molecular basis of the association of CD34 expression with self-renewal and lineage commitment in HSCs.
 AML1-ETO fusion protein effect on CD34+ hematopoietic cells Analysis of CD34+ hematopoietic cells expressing the AML1-ETO fusion protein which is formed in acute myeloid leukemia (AML) from translocation t(8;21). CD34+ cells isolated from peripheral blood progenitor and cord blood cells. Results provide insight into the role of AML1-ETO in leukemogenesis.
 Severe combined immunodeficiency (HG-U95A) Investigation of molecular basis for immunodeficiency in severe combined immunodeficiency (SCID) patient. Thymocytes isolated from SCID patient compared with control subject.
 DNA damage and UV radiation Temporal analysis of differences in WS1 human skin fibroblast gene expression response to low (10 J/m2; induces transient cellular replicative arrest) or high (50 J/m2; induces apoptosis) doses of short wavelength UV radiation (UVC; 254 nm).
 Hereditary spastic paraparesis Analysis of gene expression in skeletal muscle of three patients affected by hereditary spastic paraplegia (HSP) caused by mutations of spastin (SPG4). SPG4 is an ubiquitously expressed protein involved in microtubule regulation and vesicle traffic.
 Pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma surgery patients: circulating tumor cells Analysis of circulating tumor cells (CTC) from patients who underwent surgery for PDAC. Most cancer deaths are caused by metastases, resulting from CTCs that detach from the primary cancer and survive in distant organs. Results provide insight into molecular characterization of CTC motility in PDAC.
 Human hepatocytes from xenogeneic host livers Analysis of hepatocytes isolated from chimeric mouse livers repopulated with human hepatocytes (c-heps) or from normal human livers (h-heps). Results provide insight into the potential use of chimeric mice as a relevant model for human liver biomedical experiments.
 Prolonged cardiothoracic surgery effect on diaphragm Analysis of paired diaphragm biopsies from 5 patients during cardiothoracic surgery: the 1st as soon as diaphragm was exposed, the 2nd as late in surgery as possible (4.9 ± 1.8 hrs between biopsies). Results provide insight into diaphragm muscle biology after prolonged cardiothoracic procedures.
 Acute myeloid leukemia CD34+CD38- cell population Analysis of CD34+CD38- and CD34+CD38+ cell fractions isolated from 5 acute myeloid leukemia (AML) patients. AML CD34+CD38- cells are enriched leukemic stem cells (LSC) that maintain the propagation of the disease. Results provide insight into molecular mechanisms that maintain and characterize LSC.
 Atopic Dermatitis response to narrow-band UVB treatment Analysis of lesional and non-lesional skin biopsies from Atopic Dermatitis patients following NB-UVB phototherapy. Results identify a set of biomarkers of disease response to NB-UVB phototherapy.
 Autistic children and their father’s age: peripheral blood lymphocytes Analysis of peripheral blood lymphocytes of autistic and non-autistic children. Correlation among gene expression changes, paternal age, and autism examined.
 Progeroid and revertant phenotypes in primary dermal fibroblast cell line GM00038 Analysis of fibroblasts expressing progerin (the mutant lamin A associated with progeria) or elevated levels of wildtype prelamin A. Cells subsequently reverted towards normal by  farnesyltransferase inhibitor (FTI) or ZMPSTE24 treatment. Results identify potential effector of lamin A dysfunction.
 Cell cycle and Tat transactivation Analysis of effect of Tat transactivation during cell cycle. HeLa CD4+ cells transfected with epitope-tagged Tat plasmid or parental vector pCEP4. Cells synchronized with cell cycle blocker hydroxyurea or nocodazole and sampled at 0, 3, 6 and 9 hours.
 Heat stress effect on an epithelial cell line Analysis of HEp2 epithelial cells subjected to heat stress at temperatures of 37 to 40 degrees C. Results provide insight into the regulatory pathways that control the response to heat stress.
 TGF-beta 1 effect on immortalized ovarian surface epithelial cell line: time course Analysis of immortalized ovarian surface epithelial (IOSE) cells treated for up to 12 hours with transforming growth factor beta 1 (TGFb1). IOSE cells are derived from normal ovarian epithelial cells which, unlike ovarian cancer, respond to TGFb1-induced growth inhibition.
 Dasatinib resistant and sensitive prostatic cancer cell lines Analysis of 16 prostatic cancer cell lines treated with anti-tumor agent dasatinib. The cell lines display sensitivity or resistance to dasatinib.  Results used to define a gene expression profile associated with sensitivity to dasatinib.
 Inflamed vascular epithelial cells response to apple extract enriched for procyanidins Analysis of inflamed vascular endothelial cells treated with an apple extract enriched for procyanidins of low molecular weight. Results provide insight into possible protective effects induced by the plant derived procyanidins on the endothelial cells.
 Colorectal mucosae from various regions of the large intestine Analysis of colorectal mucosae from various regions of the normal large intestine. Results provide insight into the range of variation of gene expression in normal tissues.
 Interleukin-13 effect on esophageal epithelial cells from eosinophilic esophagitis patients Analysis of primary esophageal epithelial cells from eosinophilic esophagitis (EE) patients following 100ng/mL interleukin-13 (IL-13) stimulation. The T-helper type 2 cytokine IL-13 plays a pivotal role in eosinophilic inflammation. Results provide insight into the role of IL-13 in EE pathogenesis.
 13-cis retinoic acid effect on skin Analysis of upper back skin biopsies of acne patients treated with 13-cis retinoic acid (13-cis RA, isotretinoin), a potent acne treatment agent that reduces the size and secretion of sebaceous glands. Results provide insight into the molecular basis for 13-cis RA's acne-clearing effect.
 Bisphenol A effect on nonmalignant breast epithelial cell aspirates from breast cancer patients Analysis of random periareolar fine-needle aspirates collected from unafflicted, contralateral breast tissue of breast cancer patients and treated with bisphenol A (BPA). BPA is a prevalent xenoestrogen. Results provide insight into early molecular events induced by BPA in susceptible breast tissue.
 Cyclooxygenase-2 inhibitor celecoxib effect on colorectal adenocarcinoma Analysis of colorectal adenocarcinomas resected from patients treated with celecoxib for 7 days. Celecoxib is a cycooxygenase-2 inibitor that exhibits anti-cancer activity. Results provide insight into the mechanism of action of celecoxib in vivo.
 Staufen1 deletion effect on mRNA abundance in HeLa cells Analysis of HeLa cells depleted of Staufen1 (Stau1). Stau1 is a double-stranded RNA-binding protein that mediates mRNA decay (SMD) and is utilized by mammalian cells to regulate gene expression.  Results provide insight into additional mechanisms by which Stau1 may regulate mRNA abundance.
 Schizophrenia: endothelial and neuronal cells from postmortem dorsolateral prefrontal cortex tissue Analysis of LCM-captured microvascular endothelial cells and neurons from post mortem brain tissue from schizophrenia patients, bipolar disorder patients, and healthy controls. Results provide insight into molecular mechanisms underlying the pathophysiology of schizophrenia.
 Cryptosporidium infection effect on intestinal epithelial cells in vitro Analysis of cultured intestinal epithelial cells infected with Cryptosporidium hominis or parvum. Cryptosporidium parasites are pathogens of human intestinal epithelial cells. Results provide insight into the early pathogenesis of Cryptosporidium infection.
 VEGF-A effect on endothelial cell line: time course (HG-U133 Plus 2.0) Analysis of umbilical vein endothelial cells (HUVEC) treated with VEGF-A for up to 150 minutes in vitro.  VEGF-A is a major trigger of vasculogenesis and physiologic angiogenesis. Results provide insight into the molecular mechanisms underlying the vasculogenic and angiogenic activity of VEGF-A.
 Monocytes and macrophages (Affymetrix) Comparison of monocytes and macrophages. Samples obtained from patients with acute coronary syndrome. Results compared to the performance of Illumina arrays (GDS3555).  The result from two-color arrays (GDS3553) was used as a reference for the Illumina and Affymetrix arrays.
 Asthma exacerbation and convalescent phases: peripheral blood mononuclear cells Analysis of peripheral blood mononuclear cells of children with acute asthma during exacerbation and at subsequent convalescence. Severe asthma exacerbations in children are associated with viral infection and occur among atopics. Results provide insight into the significance of these comorbidities.
 Renal cancer response to rapamycin analog CCI-779 treatment: time course Expression profiling of peripheral blood mononuclear cells (PBMC) from patients with advanced renal cancer following treatment with the rapamycin analog CCI-779. Gene expression examined 8 and 16 weeks after treatment. Results identify potential gene markers of CCI-779 exposure.
 Endothelial cell response to estradiol in vitro Analysis of cultured umbilical vein endothelial cells treated with 1 nmol/L estradiol for 24 hours. The incidence of coronary heart disease in women increases after menopause. Results provide insight into the response of the cardiovascular system to estrogens at the molecular level.
 Pulmonary sarcoidosis Analysis of lungs from patients with pulmonary sarcoidosis (PS). PS is characterized by the granulomatous inflammation of the lung. Results provide insight into the molecular pathogenesis of PS.
 Type 2 diabetes: myotube Analysis of myotube cell lines established from type 2 diabetes (T2D) subjects. Insulin resistance and reduced mitochondrial biogenesis coexist early in T2D pathogenesis independent of hyperglycemia and obesity. Results provide insight into the effect of T2D on developing skeletal muscle cells.
 Bronchial epithelial cell line response to various airway pathogens Analysis of bronchial epithelial BEAS-2B cells exposed to UV-inactivated Staphylococcus aureus, Pseudomonas aeruginosa, or respiratory syncytial virus. Results provide insight into the common and specific molecular responses of bronchial epithelial cells to various airway pathogens.
 Asbestos effect on epithelial and mesothelial lung cell lines: time course Analysis of epithelial and mesothelial lung cell lines at various time points up to 7 days after exposure to asbestos. Asbestos exposure causes lung diseases such as asbestosis, malignant mesothelioma, and lung cancer. Results provide insight into the pathogenesis of asbestos-associated diseases.
 Preeclampsia: uteroplacental tissues Analysis of the deciduas, placentas, and fat tissues of preeclamptic women. The decidua and the placenta are two tissues of the uteroplacental unit. Results provide insight into the role of the uteroplacental renin-angiotensin system in the pathogenesis of preeclampsia.
 Metastatic prostate cancer (HG-U95A) Analysis of metastatic prostate tumors and primary prostate tumors.  Normal tissue adjacent to the tumor and normal donor tissue also examined. Metastasis reflects the most adverse clinical outcome. Results provide insight into the molecular mechanisms underlying the metastatic process.
 Crohn's disease and ulcerative colitis Analysis of colonoscopic biopsies from patients with Crohn’s disease (CD) or ulcerative colitis (UC). CD and UC are inflammatory bowel diseases with variable, overlapping clinical features and complex pathophysiologies. Results provide insight into the pathogenesis of CD and UC.
 Epidermal growth factor and heregulin effect on breast cancer cell line: dose response and time course Analysis of MCF-7 breast cancer cells treated with various doses of epidermal growth factor (EGF) or heregulin (HRG) for up to 90 minutes. EGF and HRG induce distinct kinase kinetics and phenotypes of MCF-7 cells. Results provide insight into the linkage between signaling dynamics and cell fate.
 Interleukin-20 subfamily cytokines effect on epidermal keratinocytes Analysis of cultured epidermal keratinocytes treated with various cytokines of the interleukin-20 (IL-20) subfamily. IL-20 cytokines are up-regulated in psoriatic skin. Results provide insight into the role of IL-20 cytokines in the pathogenesis of psoriasis.
 Rett syndrome: brain frontal cortex Analysis of brain frontal cortices of individuals with Rett syndrome (RTT). RTT is an X-linked neurodevelopmental disorder linked to heterozygous de novo mutations in MECP2, a gene encoding methyl-CpG-binding protein 2. Results provide insight into molecular pathogenesis of RTT.
 Endometriosis Analysis of endometrial specimens from women with endometriosis. Endometrial gene expression examined at various phases of the menstrual cycle. Results provide insight into the molecular pathogenesis of endometriosis.
 CD133+ and CD133- glioblastoma-derived cancer stem cell lines Comparison of CD133+ and CD133- glioblastoma-derived cancer stem cells (CSC). Both CSC subpopulations were derived from primary glioblastomas. Results provide insight into the role of CD133+ and CD133- CSCs in the pathogenesis of glioblastoma.
 Familial hypercholesterolemia and atherosclerosis: monocytes Analysis of monocytes (MO) from familial hypercholesterolemia (FH) patients. FH patients have a defective or missing LDLR resulting in atherosclerosis. Atherosclerotic lesions often contain MO-derived, lipid-laden macrophages. Results provide insight into the role of MO in onset of atherosclerosis.
 A2780 epithelial ovarian cancer cell line with acquired platinum resistance Analysis of a cisplatin-resistant, A2780 cell line derived from parental (drug-sensitive) A2780 cells after 5 rounds of drug selection. Resistance to platinum (Pt)-based drugs occurs in the large majority of initially responsive tumors. Results provide insight into molecular basis of Pt resistance.
 Benzo[a]pyrene diol epoxide effect on lung WI-38 fibroblasts: dose-response Analysis of normal lung WI-38 fibroblasts exposed to various concentrations of the carcinogen benzo[a]pyrene diol epoxide (BPDE). BPDE is a metabolite of benzo[a]pyrene, a component of cigarette smoke. Results provide insight into the molecular response of normal lung fibroblasts to BPDE.
 Carboplatin effect on epithelial ovarian cancer cell line: time course Analysis of 36M2 epithelial ovarian cancer cells (EOC) treated with 100 uM carboplatin for up to 36 hours. Gene expression profile compared to those from ovarian cells of patients with unfavorable and favorable outcomes. Results provide insight into the mechanism of drug resistance in EOC.
 Left internal mammary artery response to implantation of paclitaxel-eluting and bare-metal stents Analysis of left internal mammary artery (LIMA) fitted with either a drug-eluting stent (DES) or a bare-metal stent. DES use has led to a large reduction in restenosis rates compared with bare-metal stents. Results provide insight into molecular mechanisms underlying the different clinical outcomes.
 Skeletal muscle response to unloading and subsequent reloading Analysis of left vastus lateralis muscle biopsies from 7 sedentary men following unloading (48 hr) via unilateral lower limb suspensionand and subsequent reloading (24 hr). Results provide insight into molecular events underlying the earliest stages of skeletal muscle disuse and reambulation.
 Onconase effect on mesothelioma cells in vitro Analysis of malignant mesothelioma (MM) cell lines (M25, M29, and M49) exposed to Onconase for 24 hrs. Onconase, an RNA damaging therapeutic agent, induces apoptosis in MM cells. Results provide insight into the molecular mechanisms underlying Onconase action in MM.
 Osteoarthritic chondrocytes: monolayer and matrix cultures Analysis of monolayer cultures and Hyaff-11 scaffold cultures of chondrocytes from 3 donors suffering from osteoarthritis (OA). Results provide insight into the differentiation process of OA chondrocytes and their possible use in matrix-associated autologous chondrocyte transplantation (ACT).
 Esophageal squamous cell carcinoma Analysis of esophageal squamous cell carcinoma (ESCC) and adjacent normal tissue from patients in China. Genomic instability plays an important role in ESCC. Gene expression results, together with DNA copy number neutral loss of heterozygosity (CNNLOH) status, provide insight into ESCC development.
 Williams-Beuren Syndrome: fibroblast cell lines Analysis of primary skin fibroblasts of 8 Williams-Beuren Syndrome (WBS) and 9 control Caucasian females aged 3 to 8 years. WBS is a neurodevelopmental disorder associated with a microdeletion within the 7q11.23 chromosomal band. Results provide insight into the molecular basis of the WBS phenotype.
 Fetal and adult reticulocytes Comparison of reticulocytes from adult peripheral blood and umbilical cord blood. Hemoglobin (Hb) composition switches around the time of birth from fetal Hb to adult Hb. Together with microRNA profiling, results provide insight into the role of microRNAs in fetal-to-adult Hb switching.
 beta-TrCP inhibition and androgen ablation effects on prostate cancer cell line LAPC4 Analysis of androgen-sensitive LAPC4 prostate cancer cells following beta-TrCP knockdown and androgen ablation. beta-TrCP inhibition reduces prostate cancer growth, showing an additive effect with androgen ablation. Results provide insight into the molecular basis of beta-TrCP inhibition.
 Induced pluripotent stem cell-based accelerated aging model Analysis of iPSCs generated from fibroblasts from patients with Hutchinson-Gilford progeria syndrome (HGPS), a rare and fatal premature aging disease. Premature aging was recapitulated by differentiation of the HGPS-iPSCs. Results provide insight into molecular mechanisms underlying premature aging.
 Philadelphia chromosome positive acute lymphoblastic leukemia cell lines response to imatinib mesylate Analysis of Philadelphia chromosome (Ph) positive acute lymphoblastic leukemia cell lines BV173 and SUP-B15 treated with the anticancer drug imatinib mesylate (STI571). Ph encodes the oncogenic BCR-ABL1 kinase. Results provide insight into molecular basis of the transforming activity of BCR-ABL1.
 Monocyte-derived macrophages of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease patients response to fine and ultrafine particles Analysis of monocyte-derived macrophages from chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) patients after in vitro treatment with a mix of fine titanium dioxide (TiO2) and ultrafine Printex 90 particles, or lipopolysaccharide (LPS). TiO2 and Printex 90 are used in the manufacture of many products.
 Histone deacetylase inhibitor effect on endothelial cells Analysis of umbilical vein endothelial cells treated with 500 nM trichostatin A (TSA) for 24 hours. TSA is a histone deacetylase inhibitor. TSA treatment results in decreased endothelial nitric oxide synthase expression.
 Abdominal aortic aneurysm Analysis of aneurysmal abdominal aortas (AAAs). Abdominal aortic aneurysms are a common disorder and mortality from ruptured AAAs is high. Results provide insight into the pathogenesis of abdominal aortic aneurysm.
 Transcription factor CREB depletion effect on myeloid leukemic cell line Analysis of myeloid leukemia K562 cells depleted for cAMP Response Element Binding Protein (CREB), a transcription factor. CREB is overexpressed in bone marrow samples of patients with acute leukemia. Results provides insight into the molecular mechanisms by which CREB contributes to acute leukemia.
 Sickle cell disease: platelets Analysis of platelets from patients with sickle cell disease. Sickle cell disease patients exhibit increased activation of platelets. Results provide insight into the molecular basis of platelet dysfunction in sickle cell disease.
 Human herpesvirus-8 infection of primary pulmonary microvascular cells Analysis of pulmonary microvascular endothelial cells (HMVEC-L) infected with human herpesvirus-8 (HHV-8). HMVEC-L cells are relevant to the disease process of pulmonary arterial hypertension (PAH). Results provide insight into the role of HHV-8 in the pathogenesis of PAH.
 Peripheral blood monocyte response to Francisella tularensis infections Analysis of blood monocytes infected with Francisella tularensis tularensis Schu S4 (virulent) or subsp. novicida (less virulent). F. tularensis causes the disease tularemia. Results provide insight into the molecular mechanisms that enable Francisella to dampen or subvert the host immune response.
 Hypoxia and lymphathic endothelial cells Analysis of lymphatic endothelial cells (LECs) subjected to hypoxia or treated with conditioned media from lung carcinoma cells grown under hypoxic conditions. LECs contribute to tumor metastasis.
 Conjugated linoleic acid isomers effect on intestinal cell line Analysis of intestinal Caco-2 cells treated with conjugated linoleic acid (CLA) isomer trans-10, cis-12 CLA or cis-9, trans-11 CLA. CLA exerts isomer-specific effects on transepithelial calcium transport and cell growth in Caco-2 cells. Results provide insight into molecular mechanisms of action.
 Chronic obstructive pulmonary disease in ex-smokers: sputum Analysis of sputum from ex-smokers with moderate (stage 2) or severe (stages 3, 4) chronic obstructive pulmonary disease  (COPD). Induced sputum contains inflammatory cells, predominantly neutrophils and macrophages. Results provide insight into molecular mechanisms underlying COPD progression.
 Leukemia inhibitory factor effect on Sin3a-silenced MCF7 breast cancer cell line Analysis of SIN3 transcription regulator homolog A (Sin3a)-depleted MCF7 cells stimulated with LIF cytokine to activate signal transducer and activator of transcription 3 (STAT3). STAT3 transcription factor is a potent oncogene. Results provide insight into role of Sin3a in mediating STAT3 activity.
 Alveolar macrophage response to bacterial endotoxin lipopolysaccharide exposure in vivo Analysis of alveolar macrophages purified from bilateral bronchoalveolar lavage after saline instillation into a lung segment followed by LPS instillation into the contralateral lung. Results provide insight into innate immune pathways activated in alveolar macrophages exposed to LPS in vivo.
 Inhaled corticotherapy effect on allergic asthma: bronchial biopsies Analysis of bronchial biopsies from allergic asthma (AA) subjects following inhaled corticosteroids (ICS) therapy. ICS represent potent anti-inflammatory controller medications for the treatment of asthma. Results provide insight into molecular mechanisms underlying the pathophysiology of AA.
 Two types of HIV-associated neurocognitive impairment: brain regions Analysis of basal ganglia, frontal cortex, and white matter from HIV patients with HIV-associated dementia (HAD) or HAD plus HIV encephalitis (HIVE). Results provide insight into molecular events of neurological impairment and inflammation associated with HIV infection in different brain regions.
 Early and advanced idiopathic pulmonary fibrosis: whole lung Analysis of whole lung biopsy or explant from early and advanced idiopathic pulmonary fibrosis (IPF) patients. IPF is a fatal subtype of pulmonary fibrosis difficult to diagnose. Results provide insight into developing a diagnostic model for IPF.
 Acute myeloid leukemia with CEBPA mutations [AMLSG cohort]: mononuclear cells Analysis of mononuclear cells from bone marrow of untreated AML patients with CCAAT/enhancer binding protein alpha double mutation (CEBPAdm) or single mutation (CEBPAsm). Favorable outcome is observed in AML patients with CEBPAdm. Results provide insight into molecular basis of AML classification.
 Chronic lymphocytic leukemia cells response to the neutralization of inhibitor of apoptosis proteins Analysis of chronic lymphocytic leukemia (CLL) cells treated with BV6, a Smac mimetic. CLL is characterized by B-lymphocyte accumulation, which is attributed to defective cell death. Inhibitor of apoptosis (IAP) proteins are highly expressed in CLL cells. Smac binds to and inhibits IAP proteins.
 Multiple sclerosis patients with high serum semaphorin4A levels: peripheral blood cells Analysis of peripheral blood from MS patients with high or low serum levels of transmembrane-type semaphorin Sema4A. MS patients with high Sema4A levels have more severe disabilities and are unresponsive to IFN-β treatment. Results provide insight into role of Sema4A in the pathogenesis of MS.
 Alzheimer's disease: induced pluripotent stem cells with Presenilin 2 mutation (N141) Analysis of 2 iPSC clones with presenilin 2 (PS2) mutation N141, established by retroviral transduction of fibroblasts from a Familial Alzheimer’s disease (FAD) patient. PS2 mutations are causative factors for autosomal-dominant early-onset FAD. Results provide insight into molecular basis of FAD.
 Various stages of Alzheimer's disease: laser-captured hippocampal CA1 gray matter Analysis of laser-captured hippocampal CA1 gray matter from FFPE hippocampal sections of subjects at varying stages (incipient, moderate, severe) of Alzheimer’s disease (AD). Results provide insight into gray matter-specific molecular mechanisms underlying AD.
 Acute alcohol consumption effect on whole blood (control group): time course Analysis of blood from subjects administered orange juice w/o alcohol. Blood collected at time points corresponding to collection times for the alcohol group in GDS4938. These results, together with those from GDS4938, provide insight into molecular response of blood during acute ethanol exposure.
 CD3+ T cell response to stimulation with CD3/CD28 or nitric oxide Analysis of healthy T cells stimulated with CD3/CD28 (a Ca2+ fluxing inducer) or NO (a key trigger of mitochondrial hyperpolarization (MHP)). Enhanced Ca2+ fluxing and MHP underlie aberrant T-cell activation in SLE. Results provide insight into the molecular basis of T cell dysfunction in lupus.
 Chronic lymphocytic leukemia: peripheral blood, bone marrow and lymph node matched samples Analysis of purified CLL cells from 24 treatment-naive patients. Samples were obtained concurrently from peripheral blood (PB), bone marrow (BM) and/or lymph nodes (LN). Results provide insight into the role of the tissue microenvironment in the pathogenesis of CLL in vivo.
 Dexamethasone effect on glucocorticoid-resistant and -sensitive lymphoblastic leukemia cell lines Analysis of glucocorticoid (GC)-resistant and -sensitive derivatives of the CEM-C7H2 T-ALL cell line following 6hrs of dexamethasone treatment. GC drugs are a central component of childhood ALL therapy. Results provide insight into molecular mechanisms underlying the anti-leukemic effects of GC.
 Hepatoma cell response to inhibition of DNA methylation and histone deacetylation Analysis of HepG2 hepatoma cells following treatment with 5-aza-2'-deoxycytidine (5-aza-dC) to inhibit DNA methylation, or trichostatin A (TSA) to inhibit histone deacetylation, or both. Results identify epigentically regulated genes in hepatoma cells.
 BRCA1/CtIP/ZBRK1 repressor complex depletion effect on mammary epithelial cells Analysis of MCF10A mammary epithelial cells (MECs) in 3D culture following depletion of the BRCA1/CtIP/ZBRK1 repressor complex using BRCA1 or CtIP RNAi. Results provide insight into the molecular mechanisms underlying the accelerated mammary tumor growth correlated with impaired BRCA1 function.
 Oxidatively modified LDL effect on retinal pigment epithelial cell line Analysis of retinal pigment epithelial ARPE-19 cells following treatment with LDL or oxidatively modified LDL (ox-LDL) for 48 hours. Results provide insight into the role of ox-LDLs in the development of age-related macular degeneration.
 Ileocecal epithelial cell line response to Cryptosporidium parvum infection: time course Analysis of HCT-8 ileocecal epithelial cells at various time points up to 72 hours after infection with Cryptosporidium parvum, an obligate intracellular protozoan that is a major cause of gastrointestinal diseases. Results provide insight into the interaction between the host cell and C. parvum.
 Erythroid differentiation in vitro: time course Analysis of adult differentiating CD34+ hematopoietic progenitor cells at various time points up to 11 days of growth in serum-free medium containing erythropoietin, interleukin-3 and stem cell factor. Results provide insight into the molecular basis of erythropoiesis.
 Various T7 RNA polymerase-based RNA amplification/labeling methods Comparison of expression profiles generated using various T7 RNA polymerase-based in vitro transcription (IVT) RNA labeling methods. The length of the IVT reactions ranged from 4 to 16 hours. Results provide evidence for amplification method-dependent biases in gene expression data.
 Rectal cancer cells and radiotherapy response Analysis of rectal cancer cells from patients prior to preoperative radiotherapy. Response to radiotherapy determined by histopathologic examination of resected specimens. Results identify gene markers for the characterization and prediction of the response to radiotherapy in rectal cancer.
 Epstein-Barr virus nuclear antigen 2 activation Analysis of Epstein-Barr virus (EBV) negative B-cell lines BL41K3 and BJABK3 following activation of EBV nuclear antigen 2 (EBNA-2). EBNA-2 fused to the hormone-binding domain of the estrogen receptor, and EBNA-2 activated upon estrogen binding. Results identify EBNA-2 target genes.
 Wilms' tumor 1-associating protein knockdown Analysis of umbilical vein endothelial cells (HUVEC) following siRNA knockdown of Wilms' tumor 1-associating protein, WTAP. WTAP interacts with Wilms' tumor 1 (WT1). The Wilms' tumor suppressor gene WT1 is important in the development of the genitourinary system.
 Galectin-1 maturative effect on monocyte-derived dendritic cells Analysis of monocyte-derived dendritic cells induced to mature with galectin-1, a member of the beta-galactoside-binding lectin family that binds to cell surface glyconjugates. Results provide insight into the role of galectin-1 in the immunobiology of dendritic cells.
 Scott syndrome B lymphoblast response to calcium ionophore Analysis of Scott B lymphoblasts after calcium ionophore A23187 treatment. Lymphoblasts derived from a patient with Scott syndrome, a hemorrhagic disease. Results provide insight into the mechanisms underlying the apoptotic effect of A23187, and susceptibility of Scott B lymphoblasts to apoptosis.
 Neonatal mononuclear cell response to lipopolysaccharide Analysis of neonatal mononuclear cells from cord blood incubated with 5 ug/ml lipopolysaccharide (LPS). Effect of LPS on adult mononuclear cells from peripheral blood compared. Results provide insight into the molecular basis for increased susceptibility of neonates to sepsis.
 HIV-1 infection effect on peripheral blood mononuclear cells Analysis of peripheral blood mononuclear cells from HIV-1 seropositive and seronegative individuals. Results used to identify a 10-gene signature used for determining HIV-1 serostatus, and a 6-gene signature to identify seropositive individuals exhibiting changes in CD4+ T cell counts.
 Prostate cancer progression Expression profiling of prostate cancer tumors that are benign, clinically localized, or metastatic and refractory to hormones. Results compared to those obtained from immunoblotting to identify concordant changes in mRNA and protein levels.
 Classical Hodgkin's lymphoma: T cell expression profile Expression profiling of CD3+ T cells isolated from peripheral blood samples of untreated patients with classical Hodgkin's lymphoma. CD3+ T cells from healthy donors and patients with sarcoidosis also examined.
 Pulmonary adenocarcinoma Analysis of pulmonary adenocarcinomas (AC). Carcinogen exposure is responsible for the majority of ACs. Results compared with those obtained from a urethane-induced lung tumor model in the mouse (GDS1649), and provide insight into the conserved pathways underlying the development of AC.
 Lens epithelium-derived growth factor knockdown Expression profiling of 293T cells depleted for lens epithelium-derived growth factor (LEDGF/p75). LEDGF/p75 binds to HIV integrase. Results identify LEDGF/p75 regulated genes, which may be preferential targets of HIV integration.
 Fullerene effect on vascular endothelial cells Analysis of umbilical vein endothelial cells (ECs) treated with hydroxyl fullerene, a major nanomaterial. Nanomaterials are known to translocate into the circulation and may thus directly affect vascular ECs. Results provide insight into the effects of fullerenes on endothelial injury and toxicity.
 Carboplatin sensitive and resistant ovarian carcinoma Comparison of carboplatin sensitive and resistant ovarian cancer cells. Carboplatin is a chemotherapy drug. Cancer cells prepared from primary cultures of ovarian papillary serous adenocarcinomas. Results identify potential markers for carboplatin responsiveness in ovarian carcinoma.
 Inactivation of wt-p53 function in hTERT immortalized prostate epithelial EP156T cells: time course Temporal analysis of EP156T cells infected with a recombinant retrovirus encoding either p53R175H mutant (M cells), dominant-negative p53 peptide GSE56 (G cells) or control vector (C cells). Results provide insight into molecular mechanisms underlying early stages of transformation.
 Saliva of pre-treatment pancreatic cancer patients Analysis of saliva supernatant from pancreatic cancer patients and healthy subjects. Oral fluid (saliva) meets the demand for non-invasive, accessible, and highly efficient diagnostic medium. Results provide insight into salivary biomarkers for detection of pancreatic cancer.
 IL-28B polymorphism effect on hepatitis C virus-related hepatocellular carcinoma: resected liver Analysis of resected liver from hepatocellular carcinoma (HCC) patients with chronic hepatitis C (CHC) representing  interleukin-28B (IL-28B) SNP rs8099917 TT genotype and TG/GG genotype.  Results provide insight into the association between IL-28B genotype and the outcome of HCC patients.
 Kruppel-like zinc finger protein ZNF217 overexpression effect on breast cancer cell line Analysis of MDA-MB-231 cells overexpressing ZNF217. ZNF217 is a Kruppel-like zinc finger protein that localizes to the nucleus. Results provide insight into the role of ZNF217 in the progression of breast cancer.
 Ovarian cancer cell line response to the anticancer drug NSC319726 Analysis of TOV112D ovarian cancer cells following treatment with NSC319726, a member of the thiosemicarbzone family of metal ion chelators. NSC319726 inhibits the growth of mutant p53 cells. Results provide insight into the mechanism of action of NSC319726.
 Donor lymphocyte infusion effect on bone marrow-infiltrating CD3+ T cells of patients with relapsed chronic myelogenous leukemia Analysis of marrow-infiltrating CD3+ T cells isolated from relapsed chronic myelogenous leukemia (CML) patients following donor lymphocyte infusion (DLI) therapy. Four patients were DLI-responsive, two were DLI-nonresponsive. Results provide mechanistic insights into DLI response in relapsed CML.
 All-trans retinoic acid (ATRA) vitamin A and 1,25-dihydroxyvitamin D3 (1,25D3) vitamin D stimulated peripheral blood monocytes Analysis of monocytes stimulated with biologically active forms of vitamin A and vitamin D. Vitamin A plays a role in host defense against Mycobacterium tuberculosis. Results provide insight into molecular mechanisms underlying the antimicrobial activities for vitamin A and vitamin D in monocytes.
 Skeletal muscles from men and women of various ages Analysis of biceps brachii muscles from men and women 19 to 28 or 65 to 76 years of age. Results provide insight into the influence of gender on age-related changes in the molecular properties of the skeletal muscle.
 Nucleoside analog ARC effect on breast cancer cell line Analysis of MCF-7 breast cancer cells treated with the nucleoside analog ARC (NSC 188491). ARC inhibits transcription and selectively kills cancer cells.  It has the ability to perturb angiogenesis in vitro. Results provide further insight into the mechanism of action of ARC.
 Fetal lung development Analysis of lung tissues at 53 to 154 days post conception. Results provide insight into the molecular regulation of lung development.
 Bisphenol A effect on endometrial cell line: time course and dose response Temporal analysis of Ishikawa endometrial cells treated with various concentrations of bishpenol A (BPA). BPA is a very weak environmental estrogen given its low estrogen receptor affinity. Ishikawa cells represent a model to study the endometrial epithelium response to estrogen exposure in vitro.
 Skeletal muscle of patients with inherited insulin resistance Analysis of muscle from patients with a mutation (Arg1174Gln) in the tyrosine kinase domain of the insulin receptor gene (INSR). This mutation is associated with inherited insulin resistance. Results provide insight into molecular mechanisms underlying insulin resistance in skeletal muscle.
 Systemic lupus erythematosus patients and yellow fever vaccine-immunized healthy donors: CD16- monocytes Analysis of CD16- monocytes from SLE patients and YFV-immunized healthy donors. The YFV immunization can be regarded as a real viral infection, based on clinical/serological manifestations. Results provide insight into differences in type I interferon responses in autoimmunity and viral infection.
 Telomere-elongated, prostate cancer cells Analysis of telomere-elongated PC-3 prostate cancer cells in the presence of exogenous human telomerase reverse transcriptase (hTERT). Forced elongation of telomeres promotes PC-3 cell differentiation. Results provide insight into the influence of telomere length on tumor malignancy.
 Transcription factor FOXO1 silencing effect on Ewing Sarcoma cell line Analysis of Ewing sarcoma cell line A673sh (a doxycycline-inducible, EWS-FLI1-shRNA expressing derivative of A673) transfected with pRS-sh-FOXO1 plasmid targeting FOXO1wt, in the presence or absence of Dox. Results provide insight into FOXO1's contribution to the EWS-FLI1 transcriptional signature.
 Transcription factor ETS fusion EWS/FLI1 knockdown in Ewing sarcoma cell line: time course Analysis of A673 Ewing Sarcoma cell line for up to 96hrs after inducible EWSR1/FLI1 knockdown. Oncogenic ETS fusions are driver mutations in diverse cancers, including Ewing sarcoma. Results provide insight into the molecular mechanisms underlying ETS-driven tumorigenesis.
 ISCU myopathy Analyis of vastus lateralis muscles of patients with iron-sulfur cluster scaffold homolog (ISCU) myopathy. ISCU is a rare autosomal recessive Fe-S cluster deficiency syndrome characterized by life-long exercise intolerance. Results provide insight into the molecular pathophysiology of ISCU myopathy.
 Mechanistic Indicators of Asthma (MICA) cohort: peripheral blood Analysis of peripheral blood from asthmatic and non-asthmatic children (ages 9 to 13), participants of the MICA study conducted by the EPA from 11/2006 to 01/2007 in Detroit, MI. These results, together with clinical biomarker measurements, may help to differentiate asthmatics from non-asthmatics.
 High-grade serous ovarian cancer resistant to platinum-based chemotherapy Analysis of tumors from high-grade serous ovarian cancer patients resistant or sensitive to platinum-based chemotherapy. Tumor samples collected prior to chemotherapy. Results identify a gene expression profile associated with intrinsic chemotherapy resistance.
 Lysophosphatidic acid effect on breast and prostate cancer cell lines Analysis of MDA-MB-231, MCF7 and PC3 cells treated with lysophosphatidic acid (LPA). LPA activates six different G protein-coupled receptors (LPA receptors 1-6). Results provide insight into LPA-induced genes among three unrelated cancer cell lines expressing different patterns of LPA receptors.
 PGC1alpha depletion effect on melanoma cell line Analysis of A375P melanoma cells depleted for PGC1alpha. PGC1alpha is a transcriptional coactivator that promotes mitochondrial biogenesis and respiration. A375P is a cell line that overexpresses PGC1alpha. Results provide insight into the role of PGC1alpha in melanoma.
 Ethanol effect on differentiated H1 embryonic stem cells Analysis of H1 embryonic stem cells differentiated into neural rosettes and neural progenitor cells in the presence of 20mM EtOH. Results provide insight into the molecular effects of EtOH during neural differentiation of embryonic stem cells.
 Erythropoiesis: PBMC-derived, FACS-sorted erythroid progenitors Analysis of 4 discrete populations of erythroid progenitors at successive erythropoietin-dependent stages of erythropoiesis: CFU-E, Pro-E, Int-E and Late-E. Unsorted erythroid cells at each stage also examined. Results provide insight into the molecular mechanisms underlying erythroblast maturation.
 Cisplatin effect on breast cancer cell line MCF-7: time course Analysis of MCF-7 cell line treated with chemotheraputic agent cisplatin and collected when glycolysis was induced (change of ph; 8-9h) and at the beginning of cell death (change of impedance; 10-11h). Results provide insight into molecular mechanisms underlying the specific metabolic response.
 Chronic B-lymphocytic leukemia: peripheral blood Analysis of peripheral blood from chronic B-lymphocytic leukemia (B-CLL) patients and healthy donors. MicroRNA miR-155 regulates hematopoietic cell development. Results provide insight into the role of miR-155 in the lymphoproliferative disorder B-CLL..
 Breast tumor-derived stromal-epithelial cocultures Analysis of high and low grade breast cancer cells co-cultured with stromal fibroblasts. In breast tumors, fibroblasts generally represent the most abundant cell type in the stroma. Results provide insight into malignant breast epithelial responses to stromal signaling.
 Estradiol effect on ERK1/ERK2-deficient MCF-7 breast adenocarcinoma cells: time course Analysis of MCF7 cells depleted of ERK1 or ERK2 and treated with estradiol for up to 24hrs. ERK1 and ERK2 are downstream effectors in the MAP kinase pathway; estrogen receptor α (ERα) and MAPKs play key roles in hormone-dependent cancers. Results provide insight into ERα and MAPK interactions.
 Type 2 Diabetes: arterial tissue Analysis of mammary artery specimens from type 2 diabetic (T2DM) males and nondiabetic controls. T2DM is associated with an increased risk of cardiovascular disease (CVD). Results provide insight into the molecular mechanisms leading to CVD among diabetic patients.
 Polychlorobiphenyl coplanar congener PCB-77 effect on liver cell line Analysis of a metabolically competent liver cell line HepG2 exposed to coplanar PCB-77, a prototype congener of polychlorobiphenyls (PCB). Different congeners of PCB lead to varying degrees of cellular oxidative stress. Results provide insight into the mechanism of action of coplanar PCB congeners.
 Polychlorobiphenyl non-coplanar congener PCB-153 effect on liver cell line Analysis of a metabolically competent HepG2 cells exposed to PCB-153, a prototype non-coplanar congener of polychlorobiphenyls (PCB). Different congeners of PCB lead to varying degrees of cellular oxidative stress. Results provide insight into the mechanism of action of non-coplanar PCB congeners.
 Breast cancer patients: peripheral blood mononuclear cells Analysis of PBMCs from breast cancer patients, patients with benign breast abnormalities, healthy individuals, and patients with other types of cancer (GI, brain). These results, together with results from a murine breast cancer model, provide insight into developing a human breast tumor predictor.
 Metastatic hybrid cell line of estrogen receptor-negative and -positive breast cancer cells in mouse bone marrow Analysis of estrogen-independent, metastatic hybrid cell line B6TC generated by aggressive, ER-negative (MDA231) and less aggressive, ER-positive (ZR75) breast cancer cells in mouse bone marrow. Results provide insight into the contribution of breast tumor heterogeneity to its progression.
 Ovarian cancer intraperitoneal xenograft model Analysis of estrogen receptor (ER)+PEO4 or ER-2008 human epithelial ovarian cancer (EOC) cells laser captured from intraperitoneal xenografts of mice treated with estrogen (E2). Menopausal E2 replacement therapy increases risk of ER+ EOC. Results provide insight into E2 effects on tumor promotion.
 Psoriasis response to brodalumab: dose response and time course Analysis of non-lesional and lesional psoriatic skins for up to 43 days following treatment with various doses of brodalumab, a human IgG2 mAb that selectively binds and blocks signaling through IL-17RA. Results provide insight into the molecular effect of blocking IL-17 signaling in psoriatic skin.
 Chlamydia Type III secretion effector TepP-deficient mutant infection of endocervical epithelial cells in vitro Analysis of A2EN endocervical epithelial cells infected with a Chlamydia trachomatis mutant strain lacking type III secretion effector TepP (Ct875) or its complemented counterpart for 4hr. Results provide insight into the impact of effector protein TepP on the host cell molecular response.
 Monocyte-derived dendritic cells from young and aged donors Comparison of dendritic cells (DCs) from young (20 to 27 years) and aged (77 to 87 years) donors. DCs are antigen-presenting cells important in initiating and regulating innate and adaptive immune responses. Results provide insight into the molecular basis of the decline in DC function with age.
 Pristimerin effect on myeloma cell lines Analysis of H929 and U266 myeloma cells treated with the natural triterpenoid pristimerin. Multiple myeloma tumors exhibit dysregulated cyclin D expression. Pristimerin identified from a chemical library screen for compounds that induce suppression of transcription from the cyclin D2 promoter.
 Rheumatoid arthritis and response to anti-TNF therapy: blood Analysis of blood from rheumatoid arthritis (RA) patients prior to anti-TNF therapy. Response of patients to anti-TNF therapy assessed after 14 weeks. Results identify a gene expression signature for predicting the response to anti-TNF therapy.
 Endometriosis: ectopic and eutopic endometrium Analysis of ectopic endometria and eutopic endometria from endometriosis patients. Endometriosis is characterized by the presence of endometrial tissue at extra-uterine sites. Results provide insight into the molecular mechanisms underlying endometriosis pathogenesis.
 Drug efflux transporter ABCB5 knockdown effect on A375 melanoma cells Analysis of nonpigmented melanoma A375 cell line following ABCB5 ablation. ABCB5 [ATP-binding cassette, subfamily B (MDR/TAP), member 5] is a drug efflux transporter shown to be highly overexpressed in diverse human cancers.   Results provide insight into the role of ABCB5 in melanoma.
 Drug efflux transporter ABCB5 knockdown effect on G3361 melanoma cells Analysis of pigmented melanoma G3361 cell line following ABCB5 ablation. ABCB5 [ATP-binding cassette, subfamily B (MDR/TAP), member 5] is a drug efflux transporter shown to be highly overexpressed in diverse human cancers.   Results provide insight into the role of ABCB5 in melanoma.
 Dexamethasone effect on epidermal keratinocytes in vitro: time course Analysis of cultured epidermal keratinocytes treated with the synthetic glucocorticoid (GC) dexamethasone for up to 72 hours. GCs are used as therapeutic agents for skin conditions. Results provide insight into the molecular response of the epidermis to GCs.
 Cyclin-dependent kinase inhibitor R547 effect on peripheral blood mononuclear cells: dose response and time course Analysis of peripheral blood mononuclear cells treated with CDK inhibitor R547 at 2 doses for 2 and 24 hours. R547 exerts an antiproliferative effect on various cell lines. Results compared with those from DU145 (GDS5267) and HCT116 cells (GDS5268) to identify pharmacodynamic biomarkers for R547.
 Ileocecal epithelial cell line response to Clostridium difficile toxins A and B: time course Analysis of HCT-8 ileocecal cells treated with Clostridium difficile toxin A or B for up to 24 hours. C. difficile, a gram-positive, spore-forming anaerobe, causes infections leading to pseudomembranous colitis. Results provide insight into the role of toxins A and B in C. difficile infections.
 Imatinib mesylate effect on patient peripheral T-cell lymphomas, not otherwise specified (PTCL/NOS) cells Analysis of patient PTCL/NOS cells treated with imatinib mesylate (1uM, 6h). PTCL/NOS tumors are characterized by aberrant expression of platelet-derived growth factor receptor α (PDGFRA). Results provide insight into the molecular effects of inhibiting PDGFRA signaling by imatinib.
 HIV-1 Vpr effect on monocyte-derived macrophage Analysis of monocyte-derived macrophages infected with a recombinant adenovirus expressing the HIV-1 Vpr protein. HIV-1 Vpr is a multi-functional protein involved in HIV-1 replication and pathogenesis. Results provide further insight into the role of HIV-1 Vpr in HIV-1 infected macrophages.
 FAT1 depletion effect on astrocyte and glioma cell lines Analysis of astrocyte and glioma cells depleted for FAT1.  FAT1 encodes a cadherin-like protein. Results provide insight into the role of FAT1 in cancer development.
 Normal ovarian and fallopian tube epithelial cells immortalized with hTERT Analysis of paired normal hTERT-immortalized ovarian (OCE) and fallopian tube (FNE) epithelial cell lines derived from two cancer-free donors. Results provide insight into gene signatures distinguishing the two cell types that could potentially identify the cell-of-origin of ovarian tumors.
 Turner syndrome: second trimester amniotic fluid Analysis of second trimester amniotic fluid from Turner syndrome and euploid female fetuses. Turner syndrome is a sex chromosome aneuploidy generally due to monosomy X. Results provide insight into molecular mechanisms underlying Turner syndrome pathogenesis.
 phs000822.v1.p1 - Genome-Wide Discovery of Novel Breast Cancer Predisposing Mutations   dbGaP Study Information:       Type of study: Case Set   Study design: Case Set     br / Number of documents: 0   Number of variables: 12   Number of participants: 466   Number of analyses: 0     br / Projects in this study:   National Human Genome Research Institute    Diseases:   Breast Neoplasms   Breast Neoplasms      br / Technology used in this study:   Agilent SureSelect Human All Exon v.2 Kit    Assay types used:   Whole Exome (NGS)   SNP Genotypes (NGS)       
 phs001121.v1.p1 - Integrated Genetic and Pharmacologic Interrogation of Rare Cancers   dbGaP Study Information:       Type of study: Cohort   Study design: Prospective Longitudinal Cohort     br / Number of documents: 0   Number of variables: 14   Number of participants: 1   Number of analyses: 0     br / Projects in this study:   National Cancer Institute    Diseases:   Sarcoma   Sarcoma    Tumor type: germline, tumor.     br / Technology used in this study:   Agilent SureSelect Human All Exon v.2 Kit   Illumina TruSeq       Assay types used:   RNA Seq (NGS)   Whole Exome (NGS)   SNV Aggregate (.MAF)       
 phs000561.v1.p1 - Metabolism and Genetics of Hypobetalipoproteinemia   dbGaP Study Information:       Type of study: Probands, Mendelian, Family   Study design: Mendelian     br / Number of documents: 0   Number of variables: 10   Number of participants: 11   Number of analyses: 0     br / Projects in this study:   National Human Genome Research Institute    Diseases:   Hypobetalipoproteinemias   Hypobetalipoproteinemias      br / Technology used in this study:   Agilent SureSelect Human All Exon v.2 Kit    Assay types used:   Whole Exome    
 phs000601.v1.p1 - Identifying the Genetic Explanation for Heritable Breast Cancer   dbGaP Study Information:       Type of study: Family   Study design: Family/Twin/Trios     br / Number of documents: 0   Number of variables: 19   Number of participants: 20   Number of analyses: 0     br / Projects in this study:   National Cancer Institute    Diseases:   Breast Neoplasms   Breast Neoplasms      br / Technology used in this study:   Roche NimbleGen SeqCap EZ Human Exome Library v2.0    Assay types used:   Whole Exome    
 phs000581.v1.p1 - NHLBI GO-ESP: Family Studies (Dilated Cardiomyopathy)   dbGaP Study Information:       Type of study: Case Set   Study design: Case Set     br / Number of documents: 0   Number of variables: 23   Number of participants: 49   Number of analyses: 0     br / Projects in this study:   National Heart, Lung, Blood Institute    Diseases:   Cardiomyopathy, Dilated   Familial dilated cardiomyopathy   Idiopathic dilation cardiomyopathy   Cardiomyopathy, Dilated      br / Technology used in this study:   Roche NimbleGen SeqCap EZ Human Exome Library v2.0    Assay types used:   Whole Exome    
 phs000641.v1.p1 - TTC7A Mutations for Combined Immunodeficiency With Intestinal Atresia   dbGaP Study Information:       Type of study: Family   Study design: Family/Twin/Trios     br / Number of documents: 0   Number of variables: 19   Number of participants: 15   Number of analyses: 0     br / Projects in this study:   National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases    Diseases:   Immunological Deficiency Syndrome   Immunological Deficiency Syndrome      br / Technology used in this study:   Agilent SureSelectXT Human All Exon 50Mb   Illumina HiSeq 2000       Assay types used:   SNP Genotypes (NGS)   Whole Exome (NGS)       
 phs000908.v1.p1 - Identification of Rare Variants in PD Through Whole Exome Sequencing   dbGaP Study Information:       Type of study: Case-Control   Study design: Case-Control     br / Number of documents: 0   Number of variables: 22   Number of participants: 200   Number of analyses: 0     br / Projects in this study:   National Institute of Neurological Disorders and Stroke      br / Technology used in this study:   Agilent SureSelect 38Mb   Agilent SureSelect Human All Exon v3 - 50Mb       Assay types used:   Whole Exome    
 phs000876.v1.p1 - Transdisciplinary Research Into Cancer of the Lung (TRICL)   dbGaP Study Information:       Type of study: Case-Control   Study design: Case-Control     br / Number of documents: 0   Number of variables: 25   Number of participants: 1942   Number of analyses: 3     br / Projects in this study:   National Cancer Institute    Diseases:   Lung Neoplasms   Adenocarcinoma   Neoplasms, Squamous Cell   Lung Neoplasms    Tumor type: germline, unspecified.     br / Technology used in this study:   Agilent SureSelect Human All Exon v.1 Kit    Assay types used:   SNP/CNV Genotypes (NGS)   Whole Exome (NGS)       
 phs001244.v1.p1 - Nasopharynx Cancer Whole Exome Sequencing   dbGaP Study Information:       Type of study: Cohort   Study design: Prospective Longitudinal Cohort     br / Number of documents: 0   Number of variables: 22   Number of participants: 108   Number of analyses: 0     br / Projects in this study:   National Human Genome Research Institute    Diseases:   Nasopharyngeal Neoplasms   Nasopharyngeal Neoplasms    Tumor type: germline, tumor.     br / Technology used in this study:   Agilent SureSelect Human All Exon v.2 Kit    Assay types used:   Whole Exome    
 phs000296.v4.p2 - NHLBI GO-ESP: Lung Cohorts Exome Sequencing Project (COPDGene)   dbGaP Study Information:       Type of study: Case-Control, Exome Sequencing   Study design: Case-Control     br / Number of documents: 0   Number of variables: 20   Number of participants: 289   Number of analyses: 0     br / Projects in this study:   National Heart, Lung, Blood Institute   NHLBI GO-ESP    Diseases:   Pulmonary Disease, Chronic Obstructive   Emphysema   Pulmonary Disease, Chronic Obstructive      br / Technology used in this study:   Roche NimbleGen SeqCap EZ Human Exome Library v2.0    Assay types used:   SNP Genotypes (NGS)   Whole Exome (NGS)       
 phs000475.v1.p1 - The Molecular Basis of Inherited Reproductive Disorders   dbGaP Study Information:       Type of study: Probands, Mendelian, Family   Study design: Mendelian     br / Number of documents: 0   Number of variables: 10   Number of participants: 1   Number of analyses: 0     br / Projects in this study:   National Human Genome Research Institute    Diseases:   GnRH   Kallmann Syndrome   Hypogonadism   Hypogonadism      br / Technology used in this study:   Agilent SureSelect Human All Exon v.2 Kit    Assay types used:   Whole Exome    
 phs000476.v1.p1 - Molecular Defects in Pseudohypoparathyroidism or Related Disorders   dbGaP Study Information:       Type of study: Probands, Mendelian, Family   Study design: Mendelian     br / Number of documents: 0   Number of variables: 11   Number of participants: 20   Number of analyses: 0     br / Projects in this study:   National Human Genome Research Institute    Diseases:   Hypoparathyroidism familial isolated   Pseudohypoparathyroidism   Pseudohypoparathyroidism      br / Technology used in this study:   Agilent SureSelect Human All Exon v.2 Kit    Assay types used:   Whole Exome    
 Transcription profiling by array of human nasopharyngeal carcinoma patients   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling by array of human nasopharyngeal carcinoma patients br / Number of assays: 40 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Disease br / Last update: 28-08-2015 br / 
 Transcription profiling by array of fat biopsies from human monozygotic twins discordant for body mass index   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling by array of fat biopsies from human monozygotic twins discordant for body mass index br / Number of assays: 27 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Disease br / Last update: 28-07-2015 br / 
 Expression data analyzed with LPIA in A549 lung carcinoma cells treated with geldanamycin   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Expression data analyzed with LPIA in A549 lung carcinoma cells treated with geldanamycin br / Number of assays: 15 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Compound, Time br / Last update: 12-08-2015 br / 
 Gene expression profile of mutant-p53 depleted or Pin1 depleted MDA-MB-231 cells   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Gene expression profile of mutant-p53 depleted or Pin1 depleted MDA-MB-231 cells br / Number of assays: 9 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133A 2.0 [HG-U133A\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Genotype br / Last update: 12-08-2015 br / 
 Transcription profling by array of respiratory tract samples from smokers and non-smokers with/without cancers (of lung or Head and Neck) and with/without chronic obstructive pulmonary disorder (COPD)   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profling by array of respiratory tract samples from smokers and non-smokers with/without cancers (of lung or Head and Neck) and with/without chronic obstructive pulmonary disorder (COPD) br / Number of assays: 83 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Clinical History, Disease br / Last update: 29-07-2015 br / 
 Treatment of renal cell carcinoma cell line A-498 with zebularine   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Treatment of renal cell carcinoma cell line A-498 with zebularine br / Number of assays: 6 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133A 2.0 [HG-U133A\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Compound br / Last update: 27-07-2015 br / 
 Transcription profiling by array of human MCF7 breast cancer cells after growth with cyclohexamide followed by treatment with 17beta-estradiol   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling by array of human MCF7 breast cancer cells after growth with cyclohexamide followed by treatment with 17beta-estradiol br / Number of assays: 16 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Compound, Growth Condition br / Last update: 03-07-2014 br / 
 Transcription profiling by array of human LNCaP and abl cells after treatment with dihydrotestosterone or androgen receptor siRNA   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling by array of human LNCaP and abl cells after treatment with dihydrotestosterone or androgen receptor siRNA br / Number of assays: 21 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: RNA Interference, Cell Line, Compound, Time br / Last update: 27-08-2015 br / 
 Expression profiling of breast cancer cell lines MCF-7 and MCF-7R4   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Expression profiling of breast cancer cell lines MCF-7 and MCF-7R4 br / Number of assays: 10 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Phenotype br / Last update: 07-08-2015 br / 
 Gene expression profile of human embryonic stem cell-derived hepatocyte-like cells   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Gene expression profile of human embryonic stem cell-derived hepatocyte-like cells br / Number of assays: 48 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Block, Cell Line, Cell Type, Fraction br / Last update: 09-02-2016 br / 
 UDP-GlcNAc 2-epimerase/ManNAc kinase (GNE) is an inducer of apoptotic processes in Capan-1 pancreatic carcinoma cells: GNE silencing   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: UDP-GlcNAc 2-epimerase/ManNAc kinase (GNE) is an inducer of apoptotic processes in Capan-1 pancreatic carcinoma cells: GNE silencing br / Number of assays: 6 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Genotype br / Last update: 12-08-2015 br / 
 Expression profile of peripheral blood mononuclear cells (PBMC) from healthy individuals, patients with pancreatic carcinoma, gastric carcinoma, and hepatocellular carcinoma   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Expression profile of peripheral blood mononuclear cells (PBMC) from healthy individuals, patients with pancreatic carcinoma, gastric carcinoma, and hepatocellular carcinoma br / Number of assays: 26 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Disease br / Last update: 18-08-2015 br / 
 Transcription profiling of human male vastus lateralis muscle samples from healthy and COPD subjects before and after 3 months of training   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling of human male vastus lateralis muscle samples from healthy and COPD subjects before and after 3 months of training br / Number of assays: 24 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome HG-U133A [HG-U133A] br / Experimental factors: Disease, Physical Activity br / Last update: 07-09-2015 br / 
 Transcription profiling by array of primary human hepatocytes derived from hepatitis C patients treated with type III interferons (IFNs) for 6 or 24 hours   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling by array of primary human hepatocytes derived from hepatitis C patients treated with type III interferons (IFNs) for 6 or 24 hours br / Number of assays: 15 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Compound, Time br / Last update: 15-08-2014 br / 
 Transcription profiling by array of human immortalized B cells from unrelated individuals or twins after treatment with tunicamycin or thapsigargin   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling by array of human immortalized B cells from unrelated individuals or twins after treatment with tunicamycin or thapsigargin br / Number of assays: 224 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Compound, Time br / Last update: 08-09-2015 br / 
 Transcription profiling of human multiple myeloma cells ( MM1.S) cells with control or beta-catenin knockdown   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling of human multiple myeloma cells ( MM1.S) cells with control or beta-catenin knockdown br / Number of assays: 6 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Genotype br / Last update: 04-09-2015 br / 
 Transcription profiling of human skeletal muscle from obese vs.normal individuals to identify the mRNA of proteins involved in fat oxidation that may be reduced in obese and morbidly obese individuals   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling of human skeletal muscle from obese vs.normal individuals to identify the mRNA of proteins involved in fat oxidation that may be reduced in obese and morbidly obese individuals br / Number of assays: 24 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome HG-U133A [HG-U133A] br / Experimental factors: Disease br / Last update: 03-07-2014 br / 
 Transcription profiling by array of human dendritic cells treated with rosiglitazone and/or AGN193109   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling by array of human dendritic cells treated with rosiglitazone and/or AGN193109 br / Number of assays: 9 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Compound br / Last update: 03-07-2014 br / 
 Transcription profiling by array of human mesenchymal stem cells transformed with lentiviral vectors of TERT, E6, SV40 and RAS   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling by array of human mesenchymal stem cells transformed with lentiviral vectors of TERT, E6, SV40 and RAS br / Number of assays: 18 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Genetic Modification br / Last update: 03-07-2014 br / 
 Transcription profiling by array of human glioblastoma mulitforme tumors after dendritic cell vaccination   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling by array of human glioblastoma mulitforme tumors after dendritic cell vaccination br / Number of assays: 17 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Clinical History, Treatment br / Last update: 06-08-2015 br / 
 Transcription profiling by array of human pancreas ductal adenocarcinoma cells   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling by array of human pancreas ductal adenocarcinoma cells br / Number of assays: 25 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome HG-U133B [HG-U133B] br / Experimental factors: Disease br / Last update: 03-07-2014 br / 
 Gene expression profiles of Chronic kidney disease   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Gene expression profiles of Chronic kidney disease br / Number of assays: 25 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133A 2.0 [HG-U133A\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Disease br / Last update: 21-07-2015 br / 
 Gene expression profiling of KLF5, GATA4 and GATA6 knock down in YCC3/AGS/KATOIII cell lines   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Gene expression profiling of KLF5, GATA4 and GATA6 knock down in YCC3/AGS/KATOIII cell lines br / Number of assays: 36 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: RNA Interference, Cell Line br / Last update: 27-07-2015 br / 
 Heterogeneity of gene expression in stromal fibroblasts of human breast carcinomas and normal breast   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Heterogeneity of gene expression in stromal fibroblasts of human breast carcinomas and normal breast br / Number of assays: 12 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Disease br / Last update: 28-07-2015 br / 
 Transcription profiling by array of human gastric cancer cell line SNU638 over-expressing miR-146a   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling by array of human gastric cancer cell line SNU638 over-expressing miR-146a br / Number of assays: 6 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Genotype br / Last update: 22-10-2015 br / 
 Gene expression profile of A549 cells transfected with siRNA targeting Nrf2   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Gene expression profile of A549 cells transfected with siRNA targeting Nrf2 br / Number of assays: 9 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Genotype br / Last update: 19-08-2015 br / 
 Transcription profiling of human T-cell lymphoblastic leukemia, acute mylelogenous leukemia and Diffuse Large Cell Lymphoma cell lines after treatment with aplidin and/or cytarabine   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling of human T-cell lymphoblastic leukemia, acute mylelogenous leukemia and Diffuse Large Cell Lymphoma cell lines after treatment with aplidin and/or cytarabine br / Number of assays: 12 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133A 2.0 [HG-U133A\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Treatment br / Last update: 13-10-2015 br / 
 Comparison of the transcriptome of K-LEC spheroids to control LEC spheroids   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Comparison of the transcriptome of K-LEC spheroids to control LEC spheroids br / Number of assays: 6 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Infect br / Last update: 03-07-2014 br / 
 Transcription profiling by array of human B cells from patients with chronic lymphocytic leukemia after co-culture with nurse-like cells   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling by array of human B cells from patients with chronic lymphocytic leukemia after co-culture with nurse-like cells br / Number of assays: 18 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Growth\ condition br / Last update: 03-07-2014 br / 
 Transcription profiling of human colon biopsy samples from healthy individuals and patients with colon adenomas, colorectal cancer or inflammatory bowel disease   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling of human colon biopsy samples from healthy individuals and patients with colon adenomas, colorectal cancer or inflammatory bowel disease br / Number of assays: 53 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Disease br / Last update: 15-10-2014 br / 
 Gene expression data from 1833 cells expressing RKIP vs control   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Gene expression data from 1833 cells expressing RKIP vs control br / Number of assays: 6 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Genotype br / Last update: 25-08-2015 br / 
 Global mRNA gene expression analysis profiling control HEK293 cell and cells expressing  HSP70K71E   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Global mRNA gene expression analysis profiling control HEK293 cell and cells expressing  HSP70K71E br / Number of assays: 6 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Genotype br / Last update: 27-07-2015 br / 
 Transcription profiling by array of human mammary epithelial cells exposed to different environmental stresses: hypoxia, lactic acidosis, lactosis, acidosis and a combination of hypoxia and lactic acidosis   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling by array of human mammary epithelial cells exposed to different environmental stresses: hypoxia, lactic acidosis, lactosis, acidosis and a combination of hypoxia and lactic acidosis br / Number of assays: 26 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Environmental Stress br / Last update: 16-08-2014 br / 
 Transcription profiling by array of human newborns of different gestational ages with or without bronchopulmonary dysplasia (BD) to study gestataional age as a potential predictor of BD   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling by array of human newborns of different gestational ages with or without bronchopulmonary dysplasia (BD) to study gestataional age as a potential predictor of BD br / Number of assays: 45 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Disease, Gestational age br / Last update: 03-07-2014 br / 
 Transcription profiling by array of hippocampus from patients with Alzheimer's disease of varying severity   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling by array of hippocampus from patients with Alzheimer's disease of varying severity br / Number of assays: 31 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome HG-U133A [HG-U133A] br / Experimental factors: Disease br / Last update: 03-07-2014 br / 
 Expression profiling of human medulloblastoma cell line ONS76 upon siRNA-mediated knockdown of KDM5A/LSD1   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Expression profiling of human medulloblastoma cell line ONS76 upon siRNA-mediated knockdown of KDM5A/LSD1 br / Number of assays: 6 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: RNA Interference br / Last update: 19-08-2015 br / 
 Pediatric rhabdoid tumors of kidney and brain show many differences in gene expression but share dysregulation of cell cycle and epigenetic effector genes   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Pediatric rhabdoid tumors of kidney and brain show many differences in gene expression but share dysregulation of cell cycle and epigenetic effector genes br / Number of assays: 69 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Disease br / Last update: 18-08-2015 br / 
 Transcription profiling by array of human breast cancer cell lines treated with fulvestrant   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling by array of human breast cancer cell lines treated with fulvestrant br / Number of assays: 12 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Cell Line, Compound br / Last update: 10-09-2014 br / 
 Gene expression in diploid and evolved tetraploid RPE-1 and BJ-1 cells   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Gene expression in diploid and evolved tetraploid RPE-1 and BJ-1 cells br / Number of assays: 6 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Cell Type, Ploidy br / Last update: 04-08-2015 br / 
 Transcription profiling by array of HeLa cells treated with camptothecin   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling by array of HeLa cells treated with camptothecin br / Number of assays: 7 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome HG-U133A [HG-U133A] br / Experimental factors: Compound br / Last update: 03-07-2014 br / 
 Expression data from peripheral blood   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Expression data from peripheral blood br / Number of assays: 39 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Disease br / Last update: 27-07-2015 br / 
 Transcription profiling by array of skin biopsies from dermatomyositis patients and healthy controls   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling by array of skin biopsies from dermatomyositis patients and healthy controls br / Number of assays: 52 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Disease br / Last update: 17-05-2016 br / 
 Transcription profiling by array of human A549 lung epithelial cells exposed to acrolein   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling by array of human A549 lung epithelial cells exposed to acrolein br / Number of assays: 12 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Compound, Time br / Last update: 22-10-2015 br / 
 Transcription profiling by array of human mammary epithelial cells infected with a recombinant adenoviral vector expressing a mutated HER2 inactivated for kinase function or wild type HER2   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling by array of human mammary epithelial cells infected with a recombinant adenoviral vector expressing a mutated HER2 inactivated for kinase function or wild type HER2 br / Number of assays: 15 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Genotype br / Last update: 03-07-2014 br / 
 Transcription profiling by array of MCF7 breast cancer cells after treatment with doxorubicin   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling by array of MCF7 breast cancer cells after treatment with doxorubicin br / Number of assays: 6 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133A 2.0 [HG-U133A\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Compound br / Last update: 03-07-2014 br / 
 Transcrption profiling by array of human breast cancer cells treated with LPS-Stimulated macrophage conditioned media   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcrption profiling by array of human breast cancer cells treated with LPS-Stimulated macrophage conditioned media br / Number of assays: 8 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Cell Line, Growth Condition br / Last update: 27-08-2015 br / 
 Transcription profiling of human endometrium from patients with a history of endometriosis vs. normal controls sampled at a range of menstrual cycle timepoints   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling of human endometrium from patients with a history of endometriosis vs. normal controls sampled at a range of menstrual cycle timepoints br / Number of assays: 35 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Clinical Information, Disease br / Last update: 14-07-2014 br / 
 Immune Response of Immature Dendritic Cells after Infection with Human Cytomegalovirus Strain TB40E   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Immune Response of Immature Dendritic Cells after Infection with Human Cytomegalovirus Strain TB40E br / Number of assays: 6 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome HG-U133A [HG-U133A] br / Experimental factors: Infect br / Last update: 27-07-2015 br / 
 Transcription profiling by array of human cytogenetically normal acute myeloid leukemia patient samples with and without Wilms tumor 1 gene mutations   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling by array of human cytogenetically normal acute myeloid leukemia patient samples with and without Wilms tumor 1 gene mutations br / Number of assays: 225 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Genotype br / Last update: 03-07-2014 br / 
 Targeted disruption of the BCL9/beta-catenin complex in cancer   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Targeted disruption of the BCL9/beta-catenin complex in cancer br / Number of assays: 6 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Compound br / Last update: 18-08-2015 br / 
 Transcription profiling by array of human T lymphocytes from patients with hypogammaglobulinemia of unknown cause (CVID), patients with hypogammaglobulinemia of known cause (XLA) and healthy controls   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling by array of human T lymphocytes from patients with hypogammaglobulinemia of unknown cause (CVID), patients with hypogammaglobulinemia of known cause (XLA) and healthy controls br / Number of assays: 17 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome HG-U133A [HG-U133A] br / Experimental factors: Disease br / Last update: 10-10-2014 br / 
 Transcription profiling by array of human renal disease patients after nocturnal hemodialysis   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling by array of human renal disease patients after nocturnal hemodialysis br / Number of assays: 16 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Clinical Treatment, Time br / Last update: 27-08-2015 br / 
 Primary human hepatocytes treated with IL28B and the HCV JFH1 Genotype 2A clone   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Primary human hepatocytes treated with IL28B and the HCV JFH1 Genotype 2A clone br / Number of assays: 12 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Compound br / Last update: 07-07-2015 br / 
 Expression data of ALDH+ breast cancer cells   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Expression data of ALDH+ breast cancer cells br / Number of assays: 16 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Phenotype br / Last update: 25-08-2015 br / 
 Transcription profiling by array of human peripheral blood mononuclear cells from patients with hypertriglyceridemia after treatment with docosahexaenoic acid and/or lipopolysaccharide   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling by array of human peripheral blood mononuclear cells from patients with hypertriglyceridemia after treatment with docosahexaenoic acid and/or lipopolysaccharide br / Number of assays: 15 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Clinical History, Stimulus br / Last update: 02-09-2015 br / 
 Transcription profiling by array of HeLa cells after treatment with RNAi targeting BRCA1   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling by array of HeLa cells after treatment with RNAi targeting BRCA1 br / Number of assays: 6 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: RNA Interference br / Last update: 03-07-2014 br / 
 Knock-down and Over-expression of JMJD6 in MCF-7 and/or MDA-MB231   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Knock-down and Over-expression of JMJD6 in MCF-7 and/or MDA-MB231 br / Number of assays: 28 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: RNA Interference, Cell Line, Phenotype br / Last update: 17-08-2015 br / 
 Expression data of A224 cell with ectopic overexpression of FGF18 and RFP   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Expression data of A224 cell with ectopic overexpression of FGF18 and RFP br / Number of assays: 6 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Genotype br / Last update: 16-07-2015 br / 
 Transcription profiling by array of human medulloblastoma cells after knock-down of Bmi-1 and Mel-18   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling by array of human medulloblastoma cells after knock-down of Bmi-1 and Mel-18 br / Number of assays: 15 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Genotype br / Last update: 03-07-2014 br / 
 Transcription profiling by array of human HepG2 cells after treatment with 2,3-Dimethoxy-1,4-naphthoquinone, N-nitrosodimethylamine, phenol and six heavy metals   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling by array of human HepG2 cells after treatment with 2,3-Dimethoxy-1,4-naphthoquinone, N-nitrosodimethylamine, phenol and six heavy metals br / Number of assays: 27 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome Focus Array [HG-Focus] br / Experimental factors: Compound br / Last update: 03-07-2014 br / 
 Transcription profiling of human chromic myeloid leukemia (CML) patients treated second-line with imatinib after failure of an interferon-alpha based therapy to identify genes with predictive value for primary cytogenetic outcome to imatinib   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling of human chromic myeloid leukemia (CML) patients treated second-line with imatinib after failure of an interferon-alpha based therapy to identify genes with predictive value for primary cytogenetic outcome to imatinib br / Number of assays: 45 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome HG-U133A [HG-U133A] br / Experimental factors: Clinical Information, Organism Part br / Last update: 29-07-2015 br / 
 Gene expression profile of cell lines 2106T, H1975 and MeWo after knockdown of PAEP   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Gene expression profile of cell lines 2106T, H1975 and MeWo after knockdown of PAEP br / Number of assays: 18 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Cell Line, Organism Part, Treatment br / Last update: 29-07-2015 br / 
 Transcription profiling by array of HeLa cells with RNAi knockdown of T-cell intracellular antigen proteins   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling by array of HeLa cells with RNAi knockdown of T-cell intracellular antigen proteins br / Number of assays: 12 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: RNA Interference br / Last update: 03-07-2014 br / 
 Transcription profiling of PBMCs from slightly obese human males given diclofenac or a placebo to study modulation of inflammation   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling of PBMCs from slightly obese human males given diclofenac or a placebo to study modulation of inflammation br / Number of assays: 36 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Compound, Time br / Last update: 02-11-2015 br / 
 Transcriptome analysis of pancreatic cancer cell line that differ in metastatic potential   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcriptome analysis of pancreatic cancer cell line that differ in metastatic potential br / Number of assays: 12 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Growth Condition, Phenotype br / Last update: 26-08-2015 br / 
 Networking of differentially expressed genes in human Saos-2 osteosarcoma cells resistant to methotrexate   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Networking of differentially expressed genes in human Saos-2 osteosarcoma cells resistant to methotrexate br / Number of assays: 6 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Phenotype br / Last update: 06-08-2015 br / 
 Transcription profiling by array of human bone marrow mesenchymal stem cells overexpressing Dlk1   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling by array of human bone marrow mesenchymal stem cells overexpressing Dlk1 br / Number of assays: 6 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133A 2.0 [HG-U133A\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Genotype br / Last update: 22-10-2015 br / 
 Transcription profiling by array of human A549 epithelial cells infected with poliovirus   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling by array of human A549 epithelial cells infected with poliovirus br / Number of assays: 6 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Infect br / Last update: 03-07-2014 br / 
 Expression data from TGF-beta-treated human ovarian fibroblasts   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Expression data from TGF-beta-treated human ovarian fibroblasts br / Number of assays: 9 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Compound br / Last update: 08-11-2014 br / 
 Transcripton profiling by array of human siRNA silenced SDHB HepB3 cells   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcripton profiling by array of human siRNA silenced SDHB HepB3 cells br / Number of assays: 6 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: RNAi br / Last update: 03-07-2014 br / 
 ERG induced mesenchymal like gene signature   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: ERG induced mesenchymal like gene signature br / Number of assays: 6 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Phenotype br / Last update: 27-07-2015 br / 
 Transcription profiling by array of human colon cancer cell line SW620 after treatment with tetradecylthioacetic acid   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling by array of human colon cancer cell line SW620 after treatment with tetradecylthioacetic acid br / Number of assays: 6 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Compound br / Last update: 03-07-2014 br / 
 Transcription profiling by array of human bronchial epithelial cells after exposure to cigarette smoke   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling by array of human bronchial epithelial cells after exposure to cigarette smoke br / Number of assays: 54 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Growth Condition, Time br / Last update: 28-07-2015 br / 
 Expression Data from 22 human pancreatic cancer cell lines grown in triplicates +/- MEK inhibitor CI-1040   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Expression Data from 22 human pancreatic cancer cell lines grown in triplicates +/- MEK inhibitor CI-1040 br / Number of assays: 126 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133A 2.0 [HG-U133A\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Cell Line, Compound br / Last update: 25-08-2015 br / 
 Transcription profiling by array of human glioblastoma multiforme tumor cells exposed to cilengitide in a mouse xenograft model   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling by array of human glioblastoma multiforme tumor cells exposed to cilengitide in a mouse xenograft model br / Number of assays: 12 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Compound, Time br / Last update: 14-08-2014 br / 
 Transcription profiling of human embryonic stem cells and their differentiated progeny grown in chemically defined conditions   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling of human embryonic stem cells and their differentiated progeny grown in chemically defined conditions br / Number of assays: 7 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Cell Type br / Last update: 22-10-2015 br / 
 Expression data from hiPSCs-NSCs towards 4T1   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Expression data from hiPSCs-NSCs towards 4T1 br / Number of assays: 6 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Population br / Last update: 19-08-2015 br / 
 Transcription profiling of human post-mortem brain tissue (orbitofrontal cortex) from patients with bipolar disorder and matched healthy controls   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling of human post-mortem brain tissue (orbitofrontal cortex) from patients with bipolar disorder and matched healthy controls br / Number of assays: 21 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome HG-U133A [HG-U133A] br / Experimental factors: Disease br / Last update: 27-07-2015 br / 
 Transcription profiling of human muscles from untreated children with juvenile dermatomyositis   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling of human muscles from untreated children with juvenile dermatomyositis br / Number of assays: 23 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome HG-U133A [HG-U133A] br / Experimental factors: Clinical History, Disease br / Last update: 17-05-2016 br / 
 GENE EXPRESSION ANALYSIS  OF SYNOVIAL BIOPSIES AND PERIPHERAL BLOOD SAMPLES FROM PSORIATIC ARTHRITIS   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: GENE EXPRESSION ANALYSIS  OF SYNOVIAL BIOPSIES AND PERIPHERAL BLOOD SAMPLES FROM PSORIATIC ARTHRITIS br / Number of assays: 20 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133A 2.0 [HG-U133A\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Disease, Organism Part br / Last update: 08-01-2016 br / 
 Transcription profiling by array of human peripheral blood mononuclear cells from juvenile idiopathic arthritis patients before and after treatment with methotrexate   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling by array of human peripheral blood mononuclear cells from juvenile idiopathic arthritis patients before and after treatment with methotrexate br / Number of assays: 22 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Clinical Information br / Last update: 29-07-2015 br / 
 Molecular Analysis of Brain Neoplasia   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Molecular Analysis of Brain Neoplasia br / Number of assays: 470 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Disease br / Last update: 28-08-2015 br / 
 Microarray analysis of oral punch biopsies from acute myeloid leukemia (AML) patients treated with chemotherapy   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Microarray analysis of oral punch biopsies from acute myeloid leukemia (AML) patients treated with chemotherapy br / Number of assays: 11 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Clinical Treatment, Disease br / Last update: 27-08-2015 br / 
 Bone morphogenetic protein-7 is a MYC target with pro-survival functions in childhood medulloblastoma   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Bone morphogenetic protein-7 is a MYC target with pro-survival functions in childhood medulloblastoma br / Number of assays: 18 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Cell Type, Genotype br / Last update: 12-08-2015 br / 
 Broad defects in epidermal cornification in atopic dermatitis (AD) identified through genomic analysis   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Broad defects in epidermal cornification in atopic dermatitis (AD) identified through genomic analysis br / Number of assays: 18 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Disease br / Last update: 27-07-2015 br / 
 Transcription profiling by array of human LMP1 transfected CD10-positive germinal center B cells   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling by array of human LMP1 transfected CD10-positive germinal center B cells br / Number of assays: 6 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Genotype br / Last update: 03-07-2014 br / 
 Expression data of A375 melanoma cells after DMSO or MLN4924 +/- Nutlin treatment for 26 hours   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Expression data of A375 melanoma cells after DMSO or MLN4924 +/- Nutlin treatment for 26 hours br / Number of assays: 42 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: RNA Interference, Compound br / Last update: 08-09-2015 br / 
 Comparison of gene expression alterations induced by distinct PI3K inhibitors   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Comparison of gene expression alterations induced by distinct PI3K inhibitors br / Number of assays: 40 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Compound br / Last update: 18-08-2015 br / 
 Cancer-Associated Fibroblasts Support Lung Cancer Stemness through Paracrine IGF-II/IGF1R/Nanog Signaling   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Cancer-Associated Fibroblasts Support Lung Cancer Stemness through Paracrine IGF-II/IGF1R/Nanog Signaling br / Number of assays: 9 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Cell Line, Growth Condition, Passage br / Last update: 19-08-2015 br / 
 siRNA profiling of human primary prostate stromal cells knocked down for FOXF2   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: siRNA profiling of human primary prostate stromal cells knocked down for FOXF2 br / Number of assays: 6 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: RNA Interference br / Last update: 03-07-2014 br / 
 Transcription profiling by array of human HeLa cells treated with pulsatile cortisol   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling by array of human HeLa cells treated with pulsatile cortisol br / Number of assays: 12 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Compound br / Last update: 03-07-2014 br / 
 Transcription profiling by array of human HepG2/C3A cells cultured in leucine-free medium   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling by array of human HepG2/C3A cells cultured in leucine-free medium br / Number of assays: 6 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Growth Condition br / Last update: 03-07-2014 br / 
 Expression data from unactivated vs. activated PBMCs   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Expression data from unactivated vs. activated PBMCs br / Number of assays: 6 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133A 2.0 [HG-U133A\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Growth Condition br / Last update: 15-09-2015 br / 
 Transcription profiling by array of human MCF-7 breast cancer cells with FOXP3 target gene expression with and without MOF knockdown   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling by array of human MCF-7 breast cancer cells with FOXP3 target gene expression with and without MOF knockdown br / Number of assays: 12 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: RNA Interference, Phenotype br / Last update: 25-08-2015 br / 
 Transcription profiling of skin from patients with moderate to severe atopic dermatitis before and after treatment with IL-4Rα inhibitor dupilumab (REGN668/SAR231893)   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling of skin from patients with moderate to severe atopic dermatitis before and after treatment with IL-4Rα inhibitor dupilumab (REGN668/SAR231893) br / Number of assays: 35 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Compound, Phenotype br / Last update: 20-05-2016 br / 
 Expression data from normal and MDS erythroids cell cutlures ex vivo   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Expression data from normal and MDS erythroids cell cutlures ex vivo br / Number of assays: 26 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome HG-U133A [HG-U133A] br / Experimental factors: Disease, Sampling Time Point br / Last update: 27-07-2015 br / 
 Networking of differentially expressed genes in human MDA-MB-468 breast cancer cells resistant to methotrexate   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Networking of differentially expressed genes in human MDA-MB-468 breast cancer cells resistant to methotrexate br / Number of assays: 6 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Phenotype br / Last update: 06-08-2015 br / 
 Transcription profiling by array of human CD4+ T-lymphocytes infected with VSVG-pseudotyped HIV-1 viruses lacking Env, Vpr, and Nef   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling by array of human CD4+ T-lymphocytes infected with VSVG-pseudotyped HIV-1 viruses lacking Env, Vpr, and Nef br / Number of assays: 9 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Infect br / Last update: 18-08-2015 br / 
 Transcription profiling by array of HaCat cells with or without over-expression of BCL-3   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling by array of HaCat cells with or without over-expression of BCL-3 br / Number of assays: 6 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133A 2.0 [HG-U133A\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Genotype br / Last update: 17-11-2014 br / 
 Sarcoidosis-specific markers from whole blood gene expression   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Sarcoidosis-specific markers from whole blood gene expression br / Number of assays: 61 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Block, Clinical Information, Disease br / Last update: 23-07-2015 br / 
 Transcription profiling by array of bladder tissue of patients with interstitial cystitis   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling by array of bladder tissue of patients with interstitial cystitis br / Number of assays: 14 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Clinical Information, Disease br / Last update: 27-08-2015 br / 
 Gene expression profile of TRAIL-sensitive and -resistant H460 cells   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Gene expression profile of TRAIL-sensitive and -resistant H460 cells br / Number of assays: 8 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Genotype br / Last update: 08-09-2014 br / 
 Transcription profiling by array of MCF-10A cells after retroviral infection with either vector control or prostate-derived ETS factor (PDEF)   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling by array of MCF-10A cells after retroviral infection with either vector control or prostate-derived ETS factor (PDEF) br / Number of assays: 6 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Genotype br / Last update: 28-07-2014 br / 
 Transcription profiling of adherent and non-adherent human hematopoietic progenitor cells   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling of adherent and non-adherent human hematopoietic progenitor cells br / Number of assays: 6 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Block, Phenotype br / Last update: 29-07-2015 br / 
 Transcription profiling by array of human ulcerative colitis samples with varying responses to infliximab   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling by array of human ulcerative colitis samples with varying responses to infliximab br / Number of assays: 23 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Clinical Information br / Last update: 04-08-2014 br / 
 Screening study to identify diagnostic markers for lung cancer in endobronchial lining fluid   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Screening study to identify diagnostic markers for lung cancer in endobronchial lining fluid br / Number of assays: 30 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Clinical Information, Disease br / Last update: 17-08-2015 br / 
 Transcription profiling time series of human mesenchymal stem cells after induction of differentiation   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling time series of human mesenchymal stem cells after induction of differentiation br / Number of assays: 15 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Time br / Last update: 22-10-2015 br / 
 Gene expression profile of primary colorectal tumors with and without distant metastasis   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Gene expression profile of primary colorectal tumors with and without distant metastasis br / Number of assays: 111 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Clinical Information, Sampling Site br / Last update: 07-09-2015 br / 
 Transcription profiling of human CD133-positive G0 and G1 human ubmbilical vein cells   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling of human CD133-positive G0 and G1 human ubmbilical vein cells br / Number of assays: 10 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Cell Cycle Stage br / Last update: 10-10-2014 br / 
 Gene expression profile of human CD34+-derived erythoblast infected by the human malaria parasite Plasmodium falciparum   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Gene expression profile of human CD34+-derived erythoblast infected by the human malaria parasite Plasmodium falciparum br / Number of assays: 26 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Growth Condition, Infect br / Last update: 16-09-2015 br / 
 Transcription profiling by array of peripheral blood from human chronic lymphocytic leukemia patients expressing high or low levels of ZAP70 mRNA   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling by array of peripheral blood from human chronic lymphocytic leukemia patients expressing high or low levels of ZAP70 mRNA br / Number of assays: 14 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Phenotype br / Last update: 28-08-2015 br / 
 Transcription profiling by array of human MKN74 gastric epithelial cells infected with Enterococcus faecalis for 24 hrs or 5day   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling by array of human MKN74 gastric epithelial cells infected with Enterococcus faecalis for 24 hrs or 5day br / Number of assays: 12 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Infect, Time br / Last update: 22-10-2015 br / 
 Gene expression profile of pediatric and adult brain tumor types and normal brain   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Gene expression profile of pediatric and adult brain tumor types and normal brain br / Number of assays: 149 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Disease br / Last update: 27-08-2015 br / 
 Transcription profiling of human testis samples from men with highly defined and homogenous testicular pathologies reveals patterns that correlate with distinct stages of spermatogenesis   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling of human testis samples from men with highly defined and homogenous testicular pathologies reveals patterns that correlate with distinct stages of spermatogenesis br / Number of assays: 39 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Disease, Histology br / Last update: 30-06-2016 br / 
 Transcription profiling by array of human trabecular bone osteogenic cells   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling by array of human trabecular bone osteogenic cells br / Number of assays: 15 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Growth Condition, Time br / Last update: 28-08-2015 br / 
 Expression data from AsPC1 cells treated with ICG-001   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Expression data from AsPC1 cells treated with ICG-001 br / Number of assays: 12 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Compound, Time br / Last update: 23-06-2015 br / 
 Letrozole (Femara) early and late responses to treatment   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Letrozole (Femara) early and late responses to treatment br / Number of assays: 176 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome HG-U133A [HG-U133A] br / Experimental factors: Compound, Time br / Last update: 07-08-2015 br / 
 Transcription profiling by array of lung tissue from cardiac death and brain death donors, pre- and post-transplant   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling by array of lung tissue from cardiac death and brain death donors, pre- and post-transplant br / Number of assays: 35 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Clinical History, Sampling Time Point br / Last update: 03-09-2015 br / 
 Transcription profiling of human adipose derived stem cells before induction and at two time points after induction of differentiation   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling of human adipose derived stem cells before induction and at two time points after induction of differentiation br / Number of assays: 60 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Cell Type, Time br / Last update: 22-10-2015 br / 
 COPD-Specific Gene Expression Signatures of Alveolar Macrophages as well as Peripheral Blood Monocytes Overlap and Correlate with Lung Function   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: COPD-Specific Gene Expression Signatures of Alveolar Macrophages as well as Peripheral Blood Monocytes Overlap and Correlate with Lung Function br / Number of assays: 10 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome HG-U133A [HG-U133A] br / Experimental factors: Cell Type, Disease br / Last update: 19-05-2015 br / 
 Knock-down of BCL6 expression in human Diffuse Large B-Cell Lymphoma cell lines   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Knock-down of BCL6 expression in human Diffuse Large B-Cell Lymphoma cell lines br / Number of assays: 12 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Cell Line, Genotype br / Last update: 13-07-2015 br / 
 Transcription profiling by array of human intestinal mucosa after exposure to glutamine solution   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling by array of human intestinal mucosa after exposure to glutamine solution br / Number of assays: 32 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome HG-U133A [HG-U133A] br / Experimental factors: Compound br / Last update: 22-10-2015 br / 
 Transcription profiling by array of human colon cancer cells after treatment with docosahexaenoic acid   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling by array of human colon cancer cells after treatment with docosahexaenoic acid br / Number of assays: 12 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Compound, Time br / Last update: 22-10-2015 br / 
 Transcription profiling by array of human bronchial epithelial cells infected with Pseudomonas aeruginosa, Staphylococcus aureus or respiratory syncytial virus   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling by array of human bronchial epithelial cells infected with Pseudomonas aeruginosa, Staphylococcus aureus or respiratory syncytial virus br / Number of assays: 9 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133A 2.0 [HG-U133A\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Infect br / Last update: 03-07-2014 br / 
 Transcription profiling by array of human sinus mucosa from patients with cystic fibrosis and chronic rhinosinusitis   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling by array of human sinus mucosa from patients with cystic fibrosis and chronic rhinosinusitis br / Number of assays: 24 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Disease br / Last update: 03-07-2014 br / 
 Transcription profiling of human mesenchymal stem cells reveals carcinoma associated fibroblast like differentiation   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling of human mesenchymal stem cells reveals carcinoma associated fibroblast like differentiation br / Number of assays: 9 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Growth Condition br / Last update: 26-08-2015 br / 
 Transcription profiling by array of formalin-fixed paraffin-embedded or fresh frozen human tumor samples   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling by array of formalin-fixed paraffin-embedded or fresh frozen human tumor samples br / Number of assays: 37 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133A 2.0 [HG-U133A\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Disease, Organism Part, Protocol br / Last update: 22-06-2015 br / 
 Transciption profiling by array of human umbilical cord blood Natural Killer cells after overnight treatment with or without IL-15   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transciption profiling by array of human umbilical cord blood Natural Killer cells after overnight treatment with or without IL-15 br / Number of assays: 6 br / Technology: Affymetrix Human Gene 2.0 ST Array [HuGene-2\ 0-st] br / Experimental factors: Stimulus br / Last update: 08-08-2016 br / 
 Transcription profiling by array of human epidermal keratinocytes after treatment with interleukin 20 subfamily cytokines   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling by array of human epidermal keratinocytes after treatment with interleukin 20 subfamily cytokines br / Number of assays: 21 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Compound br / Last update: 03-07-2014 br / 
 Significant differential expression genes from HUVECs induced by bg-CAT   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Significant differential expression genes from HUVECs induced by bg-CAT br / Number of assays: 8 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Compound br / Last update: 03-07-2014 br / 
 Gene Expression Profiles in BA46 of Subjects with Schizophrenia and Matched Controls   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Gene Expression Profiles in BA46 of Subjects with Schizophrenia and Matched Controls br / Number of assays: 58 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Clinical History, Disease, Disease Staging br / Last update: 15-09-2015 br / 
 Transcription profiling of clear cell renal carcinomas and normal kidney cortical tissues   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling of clear cell renal carcinomas and normal kidney cortical tissues br / Number of assays: 26 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Disease br / Last update: 02-11-2015 br / 
 Transcription profiling by array of human lymphoblastoid cell lines derived from 400 children from families recruited through a proband with asthma   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling by array of human lymphoblastoid cell lines derived from 400 children from families recruited through a proband with asthma br / Number of assays: 390 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Disease br / Last update: 23-10-2015 br / 
 Transcriptional profiling by array of human bronchial BEAS-2B cells exposed to two seasonal urban particulate matter (PM), winter (PM2.5) and summer (PM10)   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcriptional profiling by array of human bronchial BEAS-2B cells exposed to two seasonal urban particulate matter (PM), winter (PM2.5) and summer (PM10) br / Number of assays: 9 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Compound br / Last update: 10-06-2015 br / 
 Transcription profiling by array of human peripheral blood mononuclear cells infected with Francisella tularensis   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling by array of human peripheral blood mononuclear cells infected with Francisella tularensis br / Number of assays: 14 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Infect br / Last update: 03-07-2014 br / 
 Transcription profiling by array of human HL60 cells treated with eicosapantaenoic acid (EPA) to investigate the effect on the signalling pathways involved in growth arrest/apoptosis   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling by array of human HL60 cells treated with eicosapantaenoic acid (EPA) to investigate the effect on the signalling pathways involved in growth arrest/apoptosis br / Number of assays: 18 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Compound, Time br / Last update: 22-10-2015 br / 
 Transcription profiling by array of human estrogen receptor positive breast cancer cell lines after long-term estrogen deprivation   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling by array of human estrogen receptor positive breast cancer cell lines after long-term estrogen deprivation br / Number of assays: 24 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Cell Line, Growth Condition br / Last update: 01-08-2014 br / 
 Transcription profiling by array of human stromal cells cultured with or without 3D BPH-1 prostate epithelial cells   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling by array of human stromal cells cultured with or without 3D BPH-1 prostate epithelial cells br / Number of assays: 14 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Growth Condition br / Last update: 22-10-2015 br / 
 Global Gene Expression Profiles in Cultured Skin Fibroblasts Derived from Patients with Gaucher Disease   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Global Gene Expression Profiles in Cultured Skin Fibroblasts Derived from Patients with Gaucher Disease br / Number of assays: 14 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133A 2.0 [HG-U133A\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Disease br / Last update: 15-09-2015 br / 
 Transcription profiling by array of skin from patients with atopic dermatitis before and after treatment with narrow-band UVB radiation   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling by array of skin from patients with atopic dermatitis before and after treatment with narrow-band UVB radiation br / Number of assays: 35 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Irradiate, Phenotype br / Last update: 19-05-2016 br / 
 Candidate genes for the recurrence of glioblastoma multiforme identified by microarray   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Candidate genes for the recurrence of glioblastoma multiforme identified by microarray br / Number of assays: 15 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome HG-U133A [HG-U133A] br / Experimental factors: Histology br / Last update: 06-08-2015 br / 
 YWHAZ is an Invasion and Metastasis promoting genes of Lung cancer   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: YWHAZ is an Invasion and Metastasis promoting genes of Lung cancer br / Number of assays: 6 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Treatment br / Last update: 07-08-2015 br / 
 Transcription profiling of human neuroblastoma cell line SHEP expressing a MYNC trasngene against controls which have the transgene silenced by tetracycline   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling of human neuroblastoma cell line SHEP expressing a MYNC trasngene against controls which have the transgene silenced by tetracycline br / Number of assays: 6 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Phenotype br / Last update: 10-10-2014 br / 
 Transcription profiling by array of human breast cancer MCF-7 cells treated with novel compound F05 which promotes neurite growth on inhibitory substrates   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling by array of human breast cancer MCF-7 cells treated with novel compound F05 which promotes neurite growth on inhibitory substrates br / Number of assays: 6 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Compound br / Last update: 03-07-2014 br / 
 shGFP- and shQK-transduced human Hs683 cells   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: shGFP- and shQK-transduced human Hs683 cells br / Number of assays: 9 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Treatment br / Last update: 07-08-2015 br / 
 Transcription profiling by array of human HL-60 cells treated with anacardic acid   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling by array of human HL-60 cells treated with anacardic acid br / Number of assays: 6 br / Technology: Affymetrix Human Gene 2.0 ST Array [HuGene-2\ 0-st] br / Experimental factors: Compound br / Last update: 08-08-2016 br / 
 Identification of a B cell signature associated with renal transplant Tolerance in humans   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Identification of a B cell signature associated with renal transplant Tolerance in humans br / Number of assays: 58 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Phenotype br / Last update: 15-09-2015 br / 
 Transcription profiling of human immature dendritic cells under hypoxic condition   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling of human immature dendritic cells under hypoxic condition br / Number of assays: 6 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Growth Condition br / Last update: 13-10-2015 br / 
 Transcription profiling of human T cell leukaemia cell line Jurkat that were retrovirally transduced with constitutievely active forms of Notch to identify novel transcriptional targets of Notch signalling   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling of human T cell leukaemia cell line Jurkat that were retrovirally transduced with constitutievely active forms of Notch to identify novel transcriptional targets of Notch signalling br / Number of assays: 12 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome HG-U133A [HG-U133A] br / Experimental factors: Genotype br / Last update: 22-10-2015 br / 
 Transcription profiling by array of human osteoblasts after treatment with bone morphogenetic protein 2 or dexamethasone   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling by array of human osteoblasts after treatment with bone morphogenetic protein 2 or dexamethasone br / Number of assays: 21 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Compound, Time br / Last update: 27-08-2015 br / 
 A gene expression signature from peripheral whole blood for stage I lung adenocarcinoma   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: A gene expression signature from peripheral whole blood for stage I lung adenocarcinoma br / Number of assays: 150 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133A 2.0 [HG-U133A\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Disease br / Last update: 07-08-2015 br / 
 Transcription profiling by array of human gingival tissue with periodontitis   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling by array of human gingival tissue with periodontitis br / Number of assays: 309 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Disease br / Last update: 29-07-2015 br / 
 Transcription profiling by array of human bronchial epithelial cells after treatment with cigarette smoke condensate   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling by array of human bronchial epithelial cells after treatment with cigarette smoke condensate br / Number of assays: 36 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Growth Condition, Time br / Last update: 28-08-2015 br / 
 Transcription profiling by array of human liver after treatment with flucloxacillin   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling by array of human liver after treatment with flucloxacillin br / Number of assays: 24 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Compound, Time br / Last update: 22-10-2015 br / 
 Transcription profiling by array of human U251 cells treated with DMSO or enzastaurin   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling by array of human U251 cells treated with DMSO or enzastaurin br / Number of assays: 18 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Compound, Time br / Last update: 22-06-2015 br / 
 SOX9 overexpression in melanoma   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: SOX9 overexpression in melanoma br / Number of assays: 6 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Genotype br / Last update: 22-06-2015 br / 
 The multifaceted balance of TNF-a and type I / II interferon responses in SLE and RA: how monocytes manage the impact of cytokines   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: The multifaceted balance of TNF-a and type I / II interferon responses in SLE and RA: how monocytes manage the impact of cytokines br / Number of assays: 74 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome HG-U133A [HG-U133A], Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Disease, Growth Condition br / Last update: 29-09-2015 br / 
 phs000482.v1.p1 - Sporadic Autism Exomes Reveal a Highly Interconnected Protein Network of De Novo Mutations   dbGaP Study Information:       Type of study: Parent-Offspring Trios, Parent-Offspring Quads   Study design: Family/Twin/Trios     br / Number of documents: 0   Number of variables: 19   Number of participants: 617   Number of analyses: 0     br / Projects in this study:   National Institute of Mental Health    Diseases:   Autistic Disorder   Child Development Disorders, Pervasive   Autistic Disorder      br / Technology used in this study:   Roche NimbleGen SeqCap EZ Human Exome Library v2.0   Roche NimbleGen SeqCap EZ Human Exome Library v1.0   Illumina Genome Analyzer IIX   Illumina HiSeq 2000       Assay types used:   Whole Exome    
 phs000900.v1.p1 - Functionally-defined Therapeutic Targets in DIPG   dbGaP Study Information:       Type of study: Cohort   Study design: Prospective Longitudinal Cohort     br / Number of documents: 0   Number of variables: 13   Number of participants: 22   Number of analyses: 0     br / Projects in this study:   National Cancer Institute    Diseases:   Glioma   Glioma    Tumor type: germline, tumor.     br / Technology used in this study:   Agilent SureSelect Human All Exon v4+UTRs   Agilent SureSelect Human All Exon v3 - 50Mb   Illumina TruSeq RNA Sample Preparation Kit   Illumina HiSeq 2000       Assay types used:   RNA Seq (NGS)   Whole Exome (NGS)       
 phs001141.v1.p1 - PROstate Cancer Medically Optimized Genome Enhanced ThErapy (PROMOTE)   dbGaP Study Information:       Type of study: Case Set   Study design: Case Set     br / Number of documents: 0   Number of variables: 27   Number of participants: 88   Number of analyses: 0     br / Projects in this study:   National Cancer Institute    Diseases:   Prostatic Neoplasms, Castration-Resistant   Prostatic Neoplasms   Prostatic Neoplasms, Castration-Resistant    Tumor type: germline, tumor.     br / Technology used in this study:   Illumina HiSeq 2500   Agilent SureSelect Human All Exon v4+UTRs + custom capture probes covering the AR gene   Agilent SureSelect Human All Exon v4+UTRs       Assay types used:   RNA Seq (NGS)   SNP Genotypes (NGS)   Whole Exome (NGS)       
 Comparison of gene expression profiling of human lung at four developmental stages and lung adenocarcioma   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Comparison of gene expression profiling of human lung at four developmental stages and lung adenocarcioma br / Number of assays: 112 br / Technology: Agilent Whole Human Genome Microarray 4x44K 014850 G4112F (85 Cols x 532 Rows) br / Experimental factors: Developmental Stage, Disease br / Last update: 09-07-2015 br / 
 Anti-leukemia drug etoposide effect on ecotropic viral integration site 1-overexpressing myeloid cells Analysis of myeloid cell line U937 overexpressing ecotropic viral integration site 1 (EVI1) and cultured in the presence of antileukemic drug etoposide. Results provide insight into molecular mechanisms through which EVI1 confers resistance to drugs used in myeloid leukemia therapy.
 Peptidyl-prolyl cis/trans isomerase Pin1 deficiency effect on prostate cancer cells Analysis of prostate cancer (PC) cell lines LNCap (androgen-dependent) and DU145 (androgen-independent) following siRNA-mediated knockdown of Peptidyl-prolyl cis/trans isomerase Pin1. Results provide insight into molecular mechanisms underlying Pin1 modulation of both PC two cell lines.
 Transcription profiling by array of human breast cancer MCF-7 cells treated with 17-AAG   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling by array of human breast cancer MCF-7 cells treated with 17-AAG br / Number of assays: 12 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Gene 1.0 ST Array [HuGene-1\ 0-st-v1] br / Experimental factors: Compound br / Last update: 25-08-2015 br / 
 Dual specificity phosphatase-4 loss effect on basal-like breast cancer cell lines Analysis of basal-like breast cancer (BLBC) cell lines following DUSP4-knockdown or MAP-ERK kinase (MEK)-inhibition with AZD6244/selumetinib (up to 24hr). Results provide insight into role of DUSP4 in promoting cancer stem cell-like phenotypes in BLBC.
 Bone marrow microenvironment effect on imatinib-treated chronic myeloid leukemia CD34+ cells Analysis of CML cells treated with tyrosine kinase inhibitor (TKI) imatinib and BM mesenchymal stromal cells (MSCs). Coculture with MSCs protects the CML cells from TKI-mediated cell death and depletion. Results provide insight into microenvironmental protection of CML cells from TKI treatment.
 DNA damage effect on memory and non-memory cells Analysis of memory and non-memory cells sorted from MD12/p53R2-RE cells 3 days after UV-induced DNA damage. Cells in a population respond heterogeneously to DNA damage. Results provide insight into heritable memory of DNA damage existing in subpopulations that differ in long-term cell behavior.
 Pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma tumor and adjacent non-tumor tissue Analysis of 45 matching pairs of pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma (PDAC) tumor and adjacent non-tumor tissue. Results provide insight into tumor markers with prognostic significance and molecular mechanisms underlying PDAC.
 Single nucleotide polymorphism rs1333049 from the 9p21.3 coronary artery disease risk locus: normal heart Analysis of left ventricular heart from donors with no previous history of heart disease. Results provide insight into associations between 9p21.3 (rs1333049) genotype and transcripts in cardiovascular tissue.
 Sporadic medulloblastomas Analysis of sporadic medulloblastomas (MB), tumor grade IV from pediatric patients. Medulloblastoma is a highly malignant brain tumor occurring predominantly in children. Results provide insight into the molecular mechanisms underlying the pathogenesis of MB.
 Serca2a effect on Dilated Cardiomyopathy iPSC-derived cardiomyocytes Analysis of DCM iPSC-derived cardiomyocytes treated with sarcoplasmic reticulum Ca2+ adenosine triphosphatase (Serca2a). Serca2a treatment improved the function of these cardiomyocytes. Results provide insight into the molecular basis of Serca2a-mediated repair of DCM iPSC-derived cardiomyocytes.
 Epidermal growth factor effect on HER2-overexpressing mammary epithelial MCF10A cells: time course Analysis of MCF10A and HER2-overexpressing MCF10A cells  grown on Matrigel in the absence or presence of epidermal growth factor (EGF). MCF10A-HER2 cells exhibited autonomous growth, independent of growth factors. Results provide insight into molecular bases underlying the growth autonomy confer
 Intravenous corticosteroid therapy effect on children with severe ulcerative colitis: peripheral blood Analysis of peripheral blood from pediatric patients with severe ulcerative colitis (UC) on day 3 of intravenous corticosteroid (IVCS) therapy. Individual response to IVCS is variable. Results provide insight into the molecular mechanisms underlying response to IVCS in pediatric UC.
 Malawian children with mild malaria following an episode of severe malaria: peripheral whole blood Analysis of paired peripheral blood samples from 5 children who initially presented with severe malaria then 1 month later with mild malaria. Results provide insight into molecular mechanisms underlying mild versus severe disease presentations.
 Dilated cardiomyopathy: left ventricle apex Analysis of left ventricle (LV) from explanted hearts of male patients with dilated cardiomyopathy (DCM). DCM is characterized by systolic contractile dysfunction of the cardiac chambers. Results provide insight into molecular mechanisms underlying the changes in LV function observed in DCM.
 Ras/MEK inhibition effect on IFN-alpha treated cancer cell line: time course Analysis of HT1080 cells treated with IFN-alpha, the Ras/MEK inhibitor U0126, or both for 6 or 12 hours. SKOV3 cells treated with IFN-alpha for 6 hours examined. HT1080 is moderately resistant to the anti-viral effects of IFN-alpha. MEK inhibition increases the sensitivity of HT1080 to IFN-alpha.
 Sonic Hedgehog inhibitor cyclopamine effect on co-culture of mesenchymal stem cells and umbilical vein endothelial cells Analysis of a co-culture of 92% human mesenchymal stem cells (hMSC) and 8% human umbilical vein endothelial cells (huvEC) treated with the Sonic Hedgehog morphogen inhibitor cyclopamine. The co-culture of hMSC and huvEC supports the formation of a primitive three dimensional vascular network.
 All-trans-retinoic acid effect on transglutaminase 2-silenced, NB4 model of acute promyelocytic leukemia: time course Analysis of stable TG2-knockdown NB4 APL cells induced to differentiate in the presence of all-trans-retinoic acid (ATRA) for up to 72 hrs. Silencing of TG2 delays the differentiation process of NB4 cells. Results provide insight into the role of TG2 in the ATRA-induced differentiation of NB4 cells.
 Protein kinase HIPK2 overexpression effect on Human Embryonic Kidney cells Analysis of HEK293 cells transfected with homeo-domain interacting protein kinase 2 (HIPK2) and HIPK2-DN mutant. HIPK2 mediates renal fibrosis in 3 mouse models of renal fibrosis (Tg26, UUO, folic-acidinduced renal fibrosis). Results provide further insight into role of HIPK2 in kidney fibrosis.
 Resveratrol (resVida) effect on obese men: vastus lateralis muscle biopsies Analysis of vastus lateralis muscle from obese men after 30 days of resveratrol supplementation. Resveratrol, a calorie restriction mimetic, significantly reduced sleeping and resting metabolic rate. Results provide insight into molecular mechanisms underlying the metabolic effects of resveratrol.
 Breast lipotransfer white adipose tissue CD34+ cells Analysis of white adipose tissue (WAT) CD34+ cells from breast lipotransfer aspirates and marrow-derived CD34+ cells from leukapheresis of normal patients. WAT is a rich reservoir of CD45-CD34+ endothelial progenitor cells (EPC). Results provide insight into role of WAT CD34+ cells in cancer growth.
 Mutant p53 depletion effect on MDA-468.shp53 breast tumor cell line Analysis of MDA-468.shp53 cells cultured under 3D conditions in the presence of DOX.  These cells express a DOX-inducible shRNA targeting endogenous mutant p53. The p53-reduced cells have an invasive, highly disorganized appearance. Results provide insight into role of mutant p53 in breast cancer.
 HIV envelope protein gp120 effect on activated B cells from healthy donors: time course Temporal analysis of B cells isolated from healthy donors in response to activation in the presence of HIV-1 envelope protein gp120 with high (gp120++) or low (gp120-) affinity for integrin α4β7. Results provide insight into mechanisms by which α4β7-gp120 interaction negatively affects B cells.
 Osteoarthritic chondrocytes and healthy mesenchymal stem cell during chondrogenic differentiation: time course Temporal analysis of chondrocytes from osteoarthritic knee joints and mesenchymal stem cells from bone marrow of healthy donors, grown in a pellet culture system under chondrogenic conditions. Results provide insight into molecular mechanisms underlying chondrogenic commitment of both cell types.
 Allergen inhalation challenge effect on peripheral blood of asthmatic early responders and dual responders Analysis of blood collected from asthmatics immediately prior to, and two hours after, cat allergen challenge. Some asthmatics are early responders while others are dual (early plus late) responders. Results provide insight into the molecular mechanisms underlying early and dual asthmatic responses.
 Lymphoblastoid cell response to low-dose cadmium exposure in vitro Analysis of TK6 lymphoblastoid cells treated with 0.1 uM cadmium chloride for 24 hours. Results provide insight into the molecular impact resulting from exposure to an environmentally relevant dose of cadmium.
 Laccaic acid effect on breast cancer cell line Analysis of MCF-7 breast cancer cells treated with laccaic acid A (LCA). LCA, a highly substituted anthraquinone natural product, is a small molecule inhibitor of DNA methyltransferase 1 (Dnmt1). Results provide insight into the degree of selectiveness of LCA’s inhibitory activity on Dnmt1.
 In vitro differentiated amniotic-fluid kidney progenitor cell-podocytes Analysis of differentiated cells: triple positive sorted, amniotic-fluid kidney progenitor cell-podocytes (hAKPC-P) and conditionally immortalized re-differentiated podocytes (hIPod). Results provide comparison of cell types and insight into mechanisms of stem cell differentiation into podocytes.
 Monoclonal gammopathies: bone marrow plasma cells Analysis of plasma cells from patients with monoclonal gammopathy of undetermined significance (MGUS), smoldering multiple myeloma (MM), or MM. MM is consistently preceded by MGUS/SMM. Results provide insight into molecular mechanisms underlying the transformation from precursor disease to MM.
 Male and female in vitro cultured placental cell types Analysis of four cell types from the placentas of male or female fetuses: cytotrophoblasts, syncytiotrophoblasts, and arterial and venous endothelial cells. Results provide insight into sex-biased molecular mechanisms underlying functional differences in gestations from male and female fetuses.
 Cultivated amniotic membrane expanded limbal epithelium Analysis of amniotic membrane-expanded limbal epithelium (AMLE) and corneal epithelium (CE). AMLE transplantation in place of donor CE significantly improves outcome in severe limbal stem cell deficiency cases. Results provide insight into molecular processes which characterize AMLE and CE tissues.
 Edelfosine effect on unstimulated CD4+ T cells: dose response Analysis of unstimulated CD4+ T cells (derived from buffy coat PBMCs) treated with edelfosine at 3.3 or 10 µg/ml. Edelfosine is a cytotoxic drug taken up by highly proliferating cells such as activated immune cells. Results provide insight into molecular basis of edelfosine action in immune Tcells.
 BET bromodomain inhibitor JQ1 effect on MYC-amplified medulloblastoma cell lines Analysis of 5 MYC-amplified medulloblastoma cell lines treated with the BET bromodomain inhibitor JQ1. Cell lines derived from medulloblastoma patients. Results provide insight into the potential use of BET bromodomain inhibitors in the treatment of MYC-amplified medulloblastomas.
 Edelfosine effect on stimulated CD4+ T cells Analysis of stimulated CD4+ T cells (derived from buffy coat PBMCs) treated with edelfosine at 3.3µg/ml. Edelfosine is a cytotoxic drug taken up by highly proliferating cells such as activated immune cells. Results provide insight into the molecular basis of edelfosine action in immune T cells.
 GRHL3-depleted epidermal keratinocyte response to the induction of differentiation in vitro Analysis of Grainyhead like 3 (GRHL3)-depleted neonatal epidermal keratinocytes following treatment with 1.8 mM calcium for 24 hours to induce differentiation. GRHL3 encodes a transcription factor. Results provide insight into the role of GRHL3 in keratinocyte differentiation.
 miR-365 expression effect on lung adenocarcinoma cell line Analysis of NCI-H441 adenocarcinoma cells expressing hsa-miR-365-2, a precursor of miR-365. Results identify targets of miR-365 and the role of miR-365 in the pulmonary transcriptional program responsible for lung development and malignancy.
 Androgen effect on carboxyl terminal-binding protein 2-deficient prostate cancer cell line Analysis of androgen receptor (AR)-positive LNCaP prostate cancer cells depleted for carboxyl terminal-binding protein 2 (CTBP2) then treated with the androgen, dihydrotestosterone (DHT). Results provide insight into the molecular effects of CtBP2 knockdown on AR-mediated gene regulation.
 Mesenchymal-to-amoeboid transition effect on Hs294T melanoma cells Analysis of Hs294T melanoma cells following three different treatments that induce the mesenchymal to amoeboid transition (MAT) in melanoma cells: EphA2 overexpression, Ilomastat treatment, or RhoA activator Calpeptin treatment. Results provide insight into molecular mechanisms underlying MAT.
 Osteoarthritic acetabular labrum 3-D culture Analysis of osteoarthritic labrum cells cultured for 7 days in a 3-dimensional alginate bead system. The acetabular labrum is a fibrocartilaginous structure that seals the hip joint. Results provide insight into hip OA-associated molecular changes in acetabular labrum cells.
 phs001249.v1.p1 - Chemosensitive Relapse in Small Cell Lung Cancer Patient-Derived Xenografts   dbGaP Study Information:       Type of study: Case Set   Study design: Case Set     br / Number of documents: 0   Number of variables: 21   Number of participants: 10   Number of analyses: 0     br / Projects in this study:   National Cancer Institute    Diseases:   Lung Neoplasms   Lung Neoplasms    Tumor type: germline, tumor.     br / Technology used in this study:   MSK MSK-IMPACT 341   Agilent SureSelect Human All Exon V4   Illumina HiSeq 2500   Illumina HiSeq 2500       Assay types used:   Chromatin (NGS)   RNA Seq (NGS)   Targeted Genome (NGS)   Whole Exome (NGS)       
 phs000759.v1.p1 - Spectrum of Mutations in Myeloid Neoplasms   dbGaP Study Information:       Type of study: Tumor vs. Matched-Normal   Study design: Tumor vs. Matched-Normal     br / Number of documents: 0   Number of variables: 21   Number of participants: 18   Number of analyses: 0     br / Projects in this study:   National Cancer Institute    Diseases:   Leukemia, Myeloid, Acute   Neoplasm, therapy related   Monosomy 7   Leukemia, Myeloid, Acute    Tumor type: germline, tumor.     br / Technology used in this study:   Illumina HiSeq 2000   Roche NimbleGen SeqCap EZ Human Exome Library v2.0   Illumina HiSeq 2000       Assay types used:   RNA Seq (NGS)   Whole Exome (NGS)       
 Expression data from H358   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Expression data from H358 br / Number of assays: 6 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Gene 1.0 ST Array [HuGene-1\ 0-st-v1] br / Experimental factors: Compound br / Last update: 18-06-2015 br / 
 Differentiation of human amniotic fluid kidney progenitor cells into podocytes and comparison with human conditionally immortalized podocytes   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Differentiation of human amniotic fluid kidney progenitor cells into podocytes and comparison with human conditionally immortalized podocytes br / Number of assays: 12 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Gene 1.0 ST Array [HuGene-1\ 0-st-v1] br / Experimental factors: Cell Type, Phenotype br / Last update: 17-07-2015 br / 
 Transcription profiling by array of human HhAntag-treated pancreatic xenograft tumors   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling by array of human HhAntag-treated pancreatic xenograft tumors br / Number of assays: 16 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 [HG-U133\ Plus\ 2], Affymetrix GeneChip Mouse Genome 430 2.0 [Mouse430\ 2] br / Experimental factors: Compound br / Last update: 03-07-2014 br / 
 Transcriptional profiling by array of intestinal epithelial cells from foetal and paediatric gut   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcriptional profiling by array of intestinal epithelial cells from foetal and paediatric gut br / Number of assays: 15 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Gene 1.0 ST Array [HuGene-1\ 0-st-v1] br / Experimental factors: Cell Type, Developmental Stage br / Last update: 14-07-2015 br / 
 Expression data from blood and biopsies of Donor-Specific Antibody positive patients   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Expression data from blood and biopsies of Donor-Specific Antibody positive patients br / Number of assays: 115 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Gene 1.0 ST Array [HuGene-1\ 0-st-v1] br / Experimental factors: Clinical Information, Organism Part br / Last update: 27-07-2015 br / 
 Expression data from trisomy 21 and euploid induced pluripotent stem cell hematopoietic progenitors   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Expression data from trisomy 21 and euploid induced pluripotent stem cell hematopoietic progenitors br / Number of assays: 6 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Gene 1.0 ST Array [HuGene-1\ 0-st-v1] br / Experimental factors: Cell Type br / Last update: 22-09-2015 br / 
 Expression data of MCF7/ADR cells treated with MC70, an ABC transporters inhibitor   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Expression data of MCF7/ADR cells treated with MC70, an ABC transporters inhibitor br / Number of assays: 12 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Gene 1.0 ST Array [HuGene-1\ 0-st-v1] br / Experimental factors: Compound br / Last update: 12-08-2015 br / 
 Differentially expressed genes in H2AX knockdown cells undergoing apoptosis   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Differentially expressed genes in H2AX knockdown cells undergoing apoptosis br / Number of assays: 6 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Gene 1.0 ST Array [HuGene-1\ 0-st-v1] br / Experimental factors: Genotype br / Last update: 19-08-2015 br / 
 Transcription profiling by array of human CD4+T-cells, Th1/Th2 polarized time-series and primary memory subsets   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling by array of human CD4+T-cells, Th1/Th2 polarized time-series and primary memory subsets br / Number of assays: 15 br / Technology: Agilent SurePrint G3 Human Gene Expression Array v2, 8x60k, 384 Rows x 164 Cols br / Experimental factors: Cell Type, Sampling Time Point, Stimulus br / Last update: 10-11-2016 br / 
 Transcription profiling by array of pre- and post-operative breast carcinomas   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling by array of pre- and post-operative breast carcinomas br / Number of assays: 26 br / Technology: Agilent Whole Human Genome Microarray 4x44K 014850 G4112F (85 Cols x 532 Rows) br / Experimental factors: Clinical History br / Last update: 25-08-2015 br / 
 Transcription profiling by array of human U87 cells treated with cytotoxic anticancer drug cisplatin or a ruthenium-based compound for 6 or 24 hours compared to untreated controls   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling by array of human U87 cells treated with cytotoxic anticancer drug cisplatin or a ruthenium-based compound for 6 or 24 hours compared to untreated controls br / Number of assays: 15 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Gene 1.0 ST Array [HuGene-1\ 0-st-v1] br / Experimental factors: Compound, Time br / Last update: 16-03-2015 br / 
 SUZ12 and NF1 loss cooperate to enhance Ras transcriptional output and sensitize cancers to epigenetic therapies   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: SUZ12 and NF1 loss cooperate to enhance Ras transcriptional output and sensitize cancers to epigenetic therapies br / Number of assays: 9 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Gene 1.0 ST Array [HuGene-1\ 0-st-v1] br / Experimental factors: Compound, Genotype br / Last update: 09-07-2014 br / 
 HO-1 modulates the expression of genes involved in inflammation, angiogenesis, proliferation, apoptosis and cell adhesion in human lung cancer cells   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: HO-1 modulates the expression of genes involved in inflammation, angiogenesis, proliferation, apoptosis and cell adhesion in human lung cancer cells br / Number of assays: 12 br / Technology: Agilent Whole Human Genome Microarray 4x44K 014850 G4112F (85 Cols x 532 Rows) br / Experimental factors: Compound, Phenotype br / Last update: 07-08-2015 br / 
 Gene expression profile of adipocytes treated with bisphenol A or 17beta-estradiol   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Gene expression profile of adipocytes treated with bisphenol A or 17beta-estradiol br / Number of assays: 15 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Gene 1.0 ST Array [HuGene-1\ 0-st-v1] br / Experimental factors: Compound br / Last update: 18-09-2015 br / 
 MKK2 is sufficient but not necessary for proliferation and anchorage-independent growth of SK-MEL-28 cells   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: MKK2 is sufficient but not necessary for proliferation and anchorage-independent growth of SK-MEL-28 cells br / Number of assays: 12 br / Technology: Agilent Whole Human Genome Microarray 4x44K 014850 G4112F (85 Cols x 532 Rows) br / Experimental factors: Genotype br / Last update: 12-08-2015 br / 
 Studying the effects of the TEN1-ICD on transcriptional regulation   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Studying the effects of the TEN1-ICD on transcriptional regulation br / Number of assays: 6 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Gene 1.0 ST Array [HuGene-1\ 0-st-v1] br / Experimental factors: Phenotype br / Last update: 26-08-2015 br / 
 Transcriptome of HEK293 cells stably knockdown for the BAHD1 gene with a shRNA   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcriptome of HEK293 cells stably knockdown for the BAHD1 gene with a shRNA br / Number of assays: 6 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Gene 1.0 ST Array [HuGene-1\ 0-st-v1] br / Experimental factors: Genotype br / Last update: 07-04-2016 br / 
 SM5-1-conjugated gold nanoparticles for antibody therapy in hepatocellular carcinoma   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: SM5-1-conjugated gold nanoparticles for antibody therapy in hepatocellular carcinoma br / Number of assays: 6 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Gene 1.0 ST Array [HuGene-1\ 0-st-v1] br / Experimental factors: Compound br / Last update: 25-08-2015 br / 
 Whole genome analysis of cells permissive for late gene expression of HPV-16   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Whole genome analysis of cells permissive for late gene expression of HPV-16 br / Number of assays: 9 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Gene 1.0 ST Array [HuGene-1\ 0-st-v1] br / Experimental factors: Phenotype br / Last update: 06-08-2015 br / 
 Gene expression profiling upon PI3K inhibition using different inhibitors   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Gene expression profiling upon PI3K inhibition using different inhibitors br / Number of assays: 12 br / Technology: Agilent Whole Human Genome Microarray 4x44K 014850 G4112F (85 Cols x 532 Rows) br / Experimental factors: Compound br / Last update: 25-08-2015 br / 
 A Myc transcriptional program that is independent of EMT drives a poor prognosis tumor-propagating phenotype in HER2+ breast cancer   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: A Myc transcriptional program that is independent of EMT drives a poor prognosis tumor-propagating phenotype in HER2+ breast cancer br / Number of assays: 9 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Gene 1.0 ST Array [HuGene-1\ 0-st-v1] br / Experimental factors: Phenotype br / Last update: 19-08-2015 br / 
 CD47-dependent immunomodulatory and angiogenic activities of extracellular vesicles produced by T cells   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: CD47-dependent immunomodulatory and angiogenic activities of extracellular vesicles produced by T cells br / Number of assays: 15 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Gene 1.0 ST Array [HuGene-1\ 0-st-v1] br / Experimental factors: Cell Line, Growth Condition br / Last update: 08-09-2014 br / 
 Transcription profiling by array of prostate cancer cell line PC-3 ectopically expressing miR-34c to identify genes regulated by this microRNA   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling by array of prostate cancer cell line PC-3 ectopically expressing miR-34c to identify genes regulated by this microRNA br / Number of assays: 6 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Gene 1.0 ST Array [HuGene-1\ 0-st-v1] br / Experimental factors: Genotype br / Last update: 08-11-2014 br / 
 Transcription profiling by array of human fibroblast cell line WI38 overexpressiong the SUMO E3 ligase PIASy to analyse transcriptional changes   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling by array of human fibroblast cell line WI38 overexpressiong the SUMO E3 ligase PIASy to analyse transcriptional changes br / Number of assays: 6 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Gene 1.0 ST Array [HuGene-1\ 0-st-v1] br / Experimental factors: Genotype br / Last update: 22-10-2015 br / 
 Genome-wide expression profiles in very low birth weight infants with neonatal sepsis   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Genome-wide expression profiles in very low birth weight infants with neonatal sepsis br / Number of assays: 34 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Gene 1.0 ST Array [HuGene-1\ 0-st-v1] br / Experimental factors: Disease br / Last update: 06-06-2016 br / 
 The RON receptor tyrosine kinase promotes metastasis by triggering epigenetic reprogramming through the thymine glycosylase MBD4 (gene expression array)   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: The RON receptor tyrosine kinase promotes metastasis by triggering epigenetic reprogramming through the thymine glycosylase MBD4 (gene expression array) br / Number of assays: 11 br / Technology: Agilent Whole Human Genome Microarray 4x44K 014850 G4112F (85 Cols x 532 Rows) br / Experimental factors: Treatment br / Last update: 18-06-2015 br / 
 Transcription profiling by array of paired tumour and normal samples from colorectal cancer patients   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling by array of paired tumour and normal samples from colorectal cancer patients br / Number of assays: 34 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Gene 1.0 ST Array [HuGene-1\ 0-st-v1] br / Experimental factors: Clinical Information br / Last update: 22-10-2015 br / 
 Gene expression study in CLL of B-cell receptor triggering (mRNA Study)   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Gene expression study in CLL of B-cell receptor triggering (mRNA Study) br / Number of assays: 32 br / Technology: Agilent Whole Human Genome Microarray 4x44K 014850 G4112F (85 Cols x 532 Rows) br / Experimental factors: Treatment br / Last update: 29-07-2015 br / 
 Transcription profiling by array of human T lymphoblastic leukemia Molt4 cells treated with vehicle or farnesol   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling by array of human T lymphoblastic leukemia Molt4 cells treated with vehicle or farnesol br / Number of assays: 6 br / Technology: Agilent Whole Human Genome Microarray 4x44K 014850 G4112F (85 Cols x 532 Rows) br / Experimental factors: Compound br / Last update: 25-07-2014 br / 
 Global impact of Salmonella type III secretion effector SteA on host cells   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Global impact of Salmonella type III secretion effector SteA on host cells br / Number of assays: 9 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Gene 1.0 ST Array [HuGene-1\ 0-st-v1] br / Experimental factors: Cell Line, Genotype br / Last update: 27-07-2015 br / 
 Parent vs. Induced drug tolerant cells Microarray Analysis   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Parent vs. Induced drug tolerant cells Microarray Analysis br / Number of assays: 6 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Gene 1.0 ST Array [HuGene-1\ 0-st-v1] br / Experimental factors: Compound br / Last update: 18-06-2015 br / 
 Peripheral blood gene expression profiles in obese subjects without metabolic syndrome   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Peripheral blood gene expression profiles in obese subjects without metabolic syndrome br / Number of assays: 32 br / Technology: Agilent Whole Human Genome Microarray 4x44K 014850 G4112F (85 Cols x 532 Rows) br / Experimental factors: Disease br / Last update: 21-11-2014 br / 
 Transcription profiling of human umbilical vein endothelial cells overexpressing constitutively active FOXO1 to identify FOXO1 target genes   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling of human umbilical vein endothelial cells overexpressing constitutively active FOXO1 to identify FOXO1 target genes br / Number of assays: 6 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Gene 1.0 ST Array [HuGene-1\ 0-st-v1] br / Experimental factors: Genotype br / Last update: 03-11-2015 br / 
 Transcription profiling by array of metallopanstimulin-1 (MPS-1) knock down human gastric cancer cells   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling by array of metallopanstimulin-1 (MPS-1) knock down human gastric cancer cells br / Number of assays: 6 br / Technology: Agilent Whole Human Genome Microarray 4x44K 014850 G4112F (85 Cols x 532 Rows) br / Experimental factors: RNA Interference br / Last update: 16-09-2014 br / 
 Gene expression profile of THP-1 cells treated with a EZH2 inhibitor   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Gene expression profile of THP-1 cells treated with a EZH2 inhibitor br / Number of assays: 6 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Gene 1.0 ST Array [HuGene-1\ 0-st-v1] br / Experimental factors: Compound br / Last update: 18-09-2015 br / 
 Transcriptome profile in human hepatoma HepG2 cells treated with antioxidant-rich Barringtonia racemosa leaf extract   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcriptome profile in human hepatoma HepG2 cells treated with antioxidant-rich Barringtonia racemosa leaf extract br / Number of assays: 6 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Gene 1.0 ST Array [HuGene-1\ 0-st-v1] br / Experimental factors: Treatment br / Last update: 06-05-2016 br / 
 Transcriptome modulation analysis of cytomegalovirus-infected immature monocyte-derived dendritic cells   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcriptome modulation analysis of cytomegalovirus-infected immature monocyte-derived dendritic cells br / Number of assays: 20 br / Technology: Agilent Whole Human Genome Microarray 4x44K 014850 G4112F (85 Cols x 532 Rows) br / Experimental factors: Time br / Last update: 12-08-2015 br / 
 phs000661.v1.p1 - Germline Sequencing for Aggressive Prostate Carcinoma   dbGaP Study Information:       Type of study: Case Set   Study design: Case Set     br / Number of documents: 0   Number of variables: 13   Number of participants: 5   Number of analyses: 0     br / Projects in this study:   National Human Genome Research Institute    Diseases:   Neoplasms   Neoplasms    Tumor type: germline, tumor.     br / Technology used in this study:   Illumina HiSeq 2500   Illumina HiSeq 2500   Roche NimbleGen SeqCap EZ Human Exome Library v2.0       Assay types used:   RNA Seq    
 phs000783.v1.p1 - Gene Mutation and Rescue in Human Congenital Diaphragmatic Hernia (CDH)   dbGaP Study Information:       Type of study: Cohort   Study design: Prospective Longitudinal Cohort     br / Number of documents: 0   Number of variables: 22   Number of participants: 275   Number of analyses: 0     br / Projects in this study:   National Institute of Child Health and Human Development    Diseases:   Hernia, Diaphragmatic   Congenital diaphragmatic hernia   Hernia, Diaphragmatic      br / Technology used in this study:   Illumina HiSeq 2000   Roche NimbleGen SeqCap EZ Human Exome Library v2.0       Assay types used:   SNP/CNV Genotypes (NGS)   Whole Exome (NGS)       
 Sharp et al 2008 We report a recurrent microdeletion syndrome causing mental retardation, epilepsy and variable facial and digital dysmorphisms.
 phs000364.v2.p1 - Genome-Wide Analysis of Chronic Lymphocytic Leukemia   dbGaP Study Information:       Type of study: Tumor vs. Matched-Normal   Study design: Tumor vs. Matched-Normal     br / Number of documents: 0   Number of variables: 13   Number of participants: 43   Number of analyses: 0     br / Projects in this study:   National Cancer Institute    Diseases:   Chronic Lymphocytic Leukemia   Richter Syndrome   Chronic Lymphocytic Leukemia    Tumor type: germline, tumor.     br / Technology used in this study:   Affymetrix AFFY\ 6.0   Roche 454 GS FLX Titanium   Roche NimbleGen High Density 2.1M Human Exome Array   Agilent SureSelect Human All Exon v3 - 50Mb   Agilent SureSelect Human All Exon v4 - 51Mb   Illumina HiSeq 2000       Assay types used:   SNP Genotypes (Array)   Whole Exome (NGS)       
 phs000627.v1.p1 - UNC Hepatocellular Carcinoma Study by Exome Sequencing (HCCSES)   dbGaP Study Information:       Type of study: Case Set, Control Set   Study design: Case Set     br / Number of documents: 0   Number of variables: 18   Number of participants: 87   Number of analyses: 0     br / Projects in this study:   National Cancer Institute    Diseases:   Carcinoma, Hepatocellular   Carcinoma, Hepatocellular    Tumor type: germline, tumor.     br / Technology used in this study:   Agilent SureSelect Human All Exon v.1 Kit   Agilent SureSelect Human All Exon v4+UTRs   Roche NimbleGen High Density 2.1M Human Exome Array   Illumina HiSeq 2000   Illumina Genome Analyzer       Assay types used:   Whole Exome    
 E-GEOD-69084 - Replication timing of control and suv4-20h (KO and inducible mutant) cells Although histone modifications have been implicated in many DNA-dependent processes, their precise role in DNA replication remains poorly understood.     Here, we show that the regulation of histone H4-K20 methylation states, in particular for the trimethylation, is a critical determinant of licensing and time activation of replication origins in mammalian cells.     WT cells  versus suv4-20h KO cells, and non-induced cells versus induced cells
 E-GEOD-52335 - Differential gene expression between WT MARC-145 cells and MARC-145 cells stably expressing Non-Structural Protein 11 of Porcine Respiratory and Reproductive Syndrome Virus Porcine respiratory and reproductive syndrome virus (PRRSV) is a virus infecting swine and causes swine abortion.     Previously, non-structural protein 11 (Nsp11) from PRRSV was shown to have inhibitory function to type I IFN signaling.     In this project, we want to see in addition to type I IFN, whether other cellular pathways are influenced by Nsp11 systemtically.     A cell line stably expressing PRRSV Nsp11 was established, designated as MARC-Nsp11 cells, and an RNA microarray was conducted using these cells and WT MARC-145 cells MARC-145 and MARC-Nsp11 cells were seeded one day prior to experiments and total cellular RNAs were extracted using Trizol (Invitrogen) and purified by RNeasy mini kit (Qiagen). The quantity and quality of RNA were determined using an Align 2100 bioanalyzer (Agilent Technologies, Palo, Alto, CA, USA), and the RNA integrity was determined above 7. The RNA samples were then subjected to microarray using Human Gene 1.0 ST arrays (Affymetrix UK Ltd, High Wycombe, UK) at the Keck Biotechnology Center, University of Illinois, Urbana, IL). The microarray was repeated twice in duplicates each.
 E-GEOD-35280 - Expression analysis of murine bone marrow (BMDM) derived macrophages stimulated with C1q Investigation of whole genome gene expression level changes in BMDM adhered for 4 or 18hrs  to Lab Tek Chamber slides pre-coated with 4ug/ml of human serum albumin (HSA) (control protein) or purified human C1q and treated with lipopolysaccharide (LPS: 20ng/ml) Mycobacterium avium 101 (M avium) or apoptotic Jurkat T cells.     BMDM were obtained from C57Bl/6 and generated as previously described in Bohlson, SS, Strasser, JA, Bower JJ, Schorey J S 2001 Role of complement in Mycobacterium avium pathogenesis: in vivo and in vitro analyses of the host response to infection in the absence of complement component C3 Infec Immun 69: 7729-7735. Mybacterium avium 101 was obtained from Dr Jeff Schorey (University of Notre Dame). The human Jurkat T cell line was obtained from ATCC (Manassas, VA) and induced to undergo apoptosis with dexamethasone as described in Lillis, AP, Greenlee, M C, Mikhailenko I, Pizzo, S V, Tenner, A J, Strickland, D K, Bohlson, S S 2008 Murine Low-Density Lipoprotein Receptor-Related Protein 1 (LRP) Is Required for Phagocytosis of Targets Bearing LRP Ligands but Is Not Required for C1q-triggered Enhancement of Phagocytosis J Immunol 181: 364: 373. A six chip study using total RNA from 5 separate cultures of BMDM adhered to HSA  for 4 hrs, 5 separate cultures of BMDM adhered to C1q for 4 hrs, 5 separate cultures of BMDM adhered to HSA for 4 hrs and infected with M avium at a 1:500 ratio of BMDM to M avium, 5 separate cultures of BMDM adhered to C1q for 4hrs and infected with M avium at a 1:500 ratio ofBMDM to M avium, 5 separate cultures of BMDM adhered to HSA for 4 hrs and infected with M avium at a 1:1000 ratio of BMDM to M avium, 5 separate cultures of BMDM adhered to HSA  for 4 hrs and treated with 20ng/ml LPS, 5 separate cultures of BMDM adhered to C1q for 4 hrs and treated with 20ng/ml LPS, 5 separate cultures of BMDM adhered to HSA for 4 hrs and treated with 20ng/ml LPS and co-cultured with apoptotic Jurkat cells at a 1:3 ratio of BMDM to apoptotic cells, 5 separate cultures of BMDM adhered to C1q for 4 hrs and treated with 20ng/ml LPS and co-cultured with apoptotic Jurkat cells at a 1:3 ratio of BMDM to apoptotic cells, 5 separate cultures of BMDM adhered to HSA  for 18 hrs, 5 separate cultures of BMDM adhered to C1q for 18 hrs, 5 separate cultures of BMDM adhered to HSA for 18 hrs and infected with M avium at a 1:500 ratio of BMDM to M avium, 5 separate cultures of BMDM adhered to C1q for 18hrs and infected with M avium at a 1:500 ratio of BMDM to M avium, 5 separate cultures of BMDM adhered to HSA for 18 hrs and infected with M avium at a 1:1000 ratio of BMDM to M avium.      The chip utilized for these studies is a mouse whole-genome 12-plex expression microarray design by NimbleGen designed from the MM9 genome Candidate probe sequences were verified to have no cross-hybridization to human (HG19) or Mycobacterium avium (NC 008595) targets Note: Study sample BMDM HSA & M avium (1:500) 18hr rep2 was not included in this submission due to quality control concerns.
 E-GEOD-29138 - The mRNA expression patterns in macaque brains from prenatal to neonatal We search for developmental changes specific to humans by examining gene expression profiles in the human, chimpanzee and rhesus macaque prefrontal and cerebellar cortex.     In both brain regions, developmental patterns were more evolved in humans than in chimpanzees.     To distinguish whether the human specific developmental pattern represent novel human-specific developmental patterns or a shift in the timing of the existing patterns, we measured mRNA expression patterns in macaque brains from prenatal to neonatal.     Our results show that the major human-specific developmental patterns identified in the PFC reflects an extreme shift in timing of synaptic development.     Rhesus macaque post-mortem brain samples from the superior frontal gyrus region of the prefrontal cortex were collected.     Six fetal and six newborn samples were used.     RNA extracted from the dissected tissue was hybridized to Affymetrix® Human Gene 1.0 ST arrays.
 E-GEOD-23669 - Changes in polysome loading as a consequence of RHA downregulation [Agilent] RNA helicase A (RHA) binds its target transcripts at the post-transcriptional control element (PCE) located in the 5’ untranslated region (UTR). This interaction represents an “RNA switch” that regulates protein synthesis.     Down regulation of RHA by siRNAs was used to identify transcripts with RHA-dependent translation.     Reduced accumulation of RNA in polysomes was monitored with microarrays.     Cytoplasmic lysates of cells treated with RHA targeted or non-silencing control siRNAs were separated by sucrose density gradient centrifugation.     Ribosomal RNA profiles were generated, containing heavy polysomes were collected, and RNA was extracted.
 Expression data in the presence of miR-29a inhibition in human dermal fibroblast cells   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Expression data in the presence of miR-29a inhibition in human dermal fibroblast cells br / Number of assays: 6 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Gene 1.0 ST Array [HuGene-1\ 0-st-v1] br / Experimental factors: Compound br / Last update: 11-07-2015 br / 
 Entamoeba histolytica infected sigmoid colon Analysis of colon biopsies from individuals during acute E. histolytica diarrhea (day 1) versus convalescence (day 60) post metronidazole treatment. The E. histolytica pathogen causes diarrhea and colitis. Results provide insight into the molecular mechanisms underlying amebic colitis pathology.
 Facioscapulohumeral muscular dystrophy: bicep and deltoid muscles Analysis of biceps and deltoids of facioscapulohumeral muscular dystrophy (FSHD) subjects and their unaffected first-degree relatives. FSHD is progressive neuromuscular disorder affecting biceps more severely than deltoid muscles. Results provide insight into molecular basis of FSHD pathogenesis.
 AP1510, TGFα  or heregulin ligand effect on MCF10 mammary epithelial cells expressing HER2-FKBP-HA chimeric receptors Analysis of mammary epithelial MCF10A/HER2/FKBP/HA cells treated with AP1510 to induce the chimeric HER2-FKBP molecule to homodimerize, or with TGFα or heregulin to induce heterodimerization with EGFR or HER3. Results provide insight into signaling events following HER2 receptor dimerization.
 Subcutaneous and visceral adipose tissue from lean or obese children Analysis of subcutaneous and visceral adipose tissue (VAT) from lean and obese pre-pubertal children. The inflammatory environment of VAT may promote insulin resistance and type 2 diabetes. Results provide insight into molecular mechanisms underlying the inflammatory milieu of VAT in children.
 Gli transcriptional repressor Gli3T effect on epithelioid carcinoma cell line Panc-1 Analysis of epithelioid carcinoma Panc1 cells expressing Gli3T, a transcriptional repressor of Gli. Gli transcription factors are essential for Kras initiation of pancreatic tumorigenesis. Results provide insight into molecular mechanisms underlying pancreatic epithelial transformation.
 Cystic fibrosis transmembrane conductance regulator expression in airway epithelial cells Analysis of Calu-3 airway epithelial cells transfected with miR-138 mimic or SIN3A siRNA. MicroRNA-138 regulates Cystic fibrosis transmembrane conductance regulator (CFTR) expression through its interactions with the transcriptional regulatory protein SIN3A.
 Zipper-interacting protein kinase deficiency effect on coronary artery smooth muscle cells in vitro Analysis of cultured vascular smooth muscle cells following knockdown of zipper-interacting protein kinase (ZIPK). ZIPK is phosphorylated and activated by Rho-associated kinase 1 (ROCK1). These results, together with those from GDS5659, provide further insight into ROCK1 and ZIPK functions.
 TGFβ1 effect on gingival fibroblasts pretreated with TGFβ-associated kinase 1 inhibitor 5Z-7-Oxozeanol Analysis of cultured gingival fibroblasts pre-treated with TGFβ-associated kinase 1 (TAK1) inhibitor (5Z)-7-Oxozeanol for 45 min prior to treatment with TGFβ1. Results provide insight into the extent to which TAK1 mediates fibroproliferative responses in gingival fibroblasts in response to TGFβ1.
 Diabetic ischemic heart failure patients: non-infarcted left ventricle Analysis of left ventricle cardiac biopsies taken from the vital, non-infarcted zone of diabetic patients with ischemic heart failure (HF). Increased morbidity and mortality are associated with ischemic HF in diabetic patients. Results provide insight into the underlying pathogenetic mechanisms.
 Keratinocyte response to endogenous microRNA-31 inhibition Analysis of keratinocytes transfected with microR-31 (miR-31) hairpin inhibitor for 48hrs. MiR-31 is one of the most highly overexpressed miRNAs in psoriasis skin. Results provide insight into the biological role of miR-31 in keratinocytes.
 True interval breast cancer Analysis of true interval breast cancers (TIBCs; tumors appearing after a negative screening mammogram) and mammogram screen-detected breast cancers (SDBCs). The development and progression of TIBCs differ from those of SDBCs. Results provide insight into the molecular mechanisms underlying TIBCs.
 Interleukin-17A effect on primary airway smooth muscle cells from asthmatics Analysis of airway smooth muscle cells (ASM) from mild asthmatics after a 2hr interleukin-17A (IL-17A) treatment. IL-17A orchestrates airway inflammation by cooperating with and inducing proinflammatory cytokines. Results provide insight into immediate-early/primary response gene targets of IL-17A.
 H3K9me2 methyltransferase G9a depletion effect on breast cancer cell line Analysis of MDA-MB231 breast cancer cells depleted for G9a, a methyltransferase that mediates histone H3 lysine-9 di-methylation (H3K9me2). G9a depletion inhibits migratory ability and invasiveness of MDA-MB231 cells. Results provide insight into role of G9a and H3K9me2 in breast cancer progression.
 Stem cell factor SOX2-deficient stomach carcinoma cell line: time course Analysis of gastric cancer (GC) cell line AZ-521 induced to express dominant-negative SOX2 (dnSOX2), a C-terminally truncated version of SOX2, for up to 24hr. Aberrant expression of specific gastric differentiation marker SOX2 has been observed in GC. Results provide insight into role of SOX2 in GC.
 Epidermolysis Bullosa Simplex: epidermis Analysis of epidermal punch biopsies (with minimal dermis amounts) from six EBS patients. Most EBS cases are caused by defects in the genes encoding intermediate filament proteins keratin 5 (KRT5) and keratin 14 (KRT14). Results provide further insight into the molecular basis of EBS.
 Multiple sclerosis: peripheral blood mononuclear cells Analysis of peripheral blood mononuclear cells (PBMCs) from multiple sclerosis (MS) patients. MS is an inflammatory disease of the central nervous system (CNS). Results provide insight into molecular mechanisms underlying MS pathogenesis.
 Progressive diabetic neuropathy: sural nerve Analysis of sural nerve of progressive and non-progressive diabetic neuropathy (DN) patients. DN is characterized by progressive loss of peripheral nerve, eventually resulting in complete loss of sensation. Results provide insight into molecular mechanisms underlying DN onset and progression.
 Transcription factor c-MYC intron binding protein 1 overexpression effect on embryonic kidney cells Analysis of embryonic kidney HEK293 cells overexpressing transcription factor c-MYC intron binding protein 1 (MIBP1). Results identify targets of MIBP1.
 V-ets erythroblastosis virus E26 oncogene homolog 2 knockdown effect on lung cancer cells Analysis of H441 lung cancer cells transfected with siRNA targeting V-ets erythroblastosis virus E26 oncogene homolog 2 (ETS2). ETS2 transcription factor is an evolutionarily conserved gene that is deregulated in cancer. Results provide insight into the role of ETS2 in lung cancer.
 Glucosamine treatment effect on KMH2 malignant lymphocytes Analysis of Hodgkin lymphoma-derived cell line KMH2 treated with glucosamine (GlcN) for 24 hr. GlcN induces the posttranslational modification of proteins with O-linked β-N-acetylglucosamine (O-GlcNAc). Results provide insight into the molecular mechanisms activated following GlcN intake.
 Protein tyrosine kinase PTK7 knockdown effect on lung adenocarcinoma cell lines Analysis of lung adenocarcinoma (ADC) cell lines NCI-H1299 and NCI-H2009 depleted for protein tyrosine kinase PTK7 using two independent shRNAs (shPTK7-1 and shPTK7-2). Results provide insight into the role of PTK7 in lung ADCs.
 Interferon-gamma effect on peripheral blood monocyte-derived dendritic cells Analysis of monocyte-derived dendritic cells (moDC) treated with granulocyte-macrophage colony-stimulating factor (GM-CSF) and interleukin (IL)-4 or GM-CSF, IL-4 and interferon (IFN)-γ for 6d. Results provide insight into effects of IFN-γ on differentiation and maturation of peripheral blood moDC.
 Peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor δ (PPARδ) activation effect on cultured myotubes Analysis of musculus obliquus internus myotubes treated with PPARδ agonist GW501516 for 96hrs. PPARs regulate lipid utilization and storage. PPARδ is the most abundant PPAR subtype in skeletal muscle. Results provide insight into the molecular effects of PPARδ activation on myotubes.
 Acute myeloid leukemia cell line Kasumi-1 response to dasatinib treatment and withdrawal Analysis of dasatinib-sensitive, KITmut t(8;21) AML cell line Kasumi-1 treated with dasatinib for 12 wks giving rise to R48 cells.  After 1 wk of dasatinib cessation, R48 cells give rise to PR48 cells. Results provide insight into molecular effects of long-term dasatinib treatment on t(8;21) AML.
 Lymphoblastoid cell response to low-dose arsenic exposure in vitro Analysis of TK6 lymphoblastoid cells treated with 0.1 uM sodium arsenite for 24 hours. Results provide insight into the molecular impact resulting from exposure to an environmentally relevant dose of arsenic.
 Nodular Lymphocyte Predominant Hodgkin Lymphoma and T Cell/Histiocyte Rich Large B Cell Lymphoma: microdissected tumor cells Analysis of tumor cells microdissected from frozen sections of nodular lymphocyte predominant Hodgkin lymphoma (NLPHL), T cell/histiocyte rich large B cell lymphoma (THRLBCL), and THRLBCL-like NLPHL. Results provide insight into the molecular relatedness of the lymphoma entities.
 High occupational exposure to nickel: peripheral blood mononuclear cell Analysis of peripheral blood mononuclear cells from 8 nickel refinery workers. Occupational exposure to nickel is associated with an increased risk of lung and nasal cancers. Results provide insight into molecular mechanisms underlying nickel carcinogenesis.
 Oncogenic BRAF harboring melanoma cell line response to BRAF inhibition Analysis of A375 melanoma cells harboring the BRAF V600E oncogenic mutation following treatment with the BRAF inhibitor vemurafenib. Results provide insight into the role of the BRAF V600E oncogene in the pathogenesis of melanoma.
 Expression data of influenza A infected human macrophages   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Expression data of influenza A infected human macrophages br / Number of assays: 18 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Gene 1.0 ST Array [HuGene-1\ 0-st-v1] br / Experimental factors: Infect, Time br / Last update: 12-08-2015 br / 
 Gene expression in hypoxic non-small cell lung cancer   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Gene expression in hypoxic non-small cell lung cancer br / Number of assays: 18 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Gene 1.0 ST Array [HuGene-1\ 0-st-v1] br / Experimental factors: Growth Condition, Histology br / Last update: 17-08-2015 br / 
 Transcription profiling by array of HeLa cells transfected to express KDELR1 or inclubated with KDEL-Bodipy peptide   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling by array of HeLa cells transfected to express KDELR1 or inclubated with KDEL-Bodipy peptide br / Number of assays: 9 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Gene 1.0 ST Array [HuGene-1\ 0-st-v1] br / Experimental factors: Growth Condition br / Last update: 28-10-2014 br / 
 Effects of redox modulation by inhibition of Thioredoxin reductase on radiosensitivity and gene expression   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Effects of redox modulation by inhibition of Thioredoxin reductase on radiosensitivity and gene expression br / Number of assays: 12 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Gene 1.0 ST Array [HuGene-1\ 0-st-v1] br / Experimental factors: Irradiate, Treatment br / Last update: 12-08-2015 br / 
 MGMT modulates glioblastoma angiogenesis and response to the tyrosine kinase inhibitor sunitinib   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: MGMT modulates glioblastoma angiogenesis and response to the tyrosine kinase inhibitor sunitinib br / Number of assays: 6 br / Technology: Agilent Whole Human Genome Microarray 4x44K 014850 G4112F (85 Cols x 532 Rows) br / Experimental factors: Phenotype br / Last update: 19-08-2015 br / 
 Transcriptome profile of subcutaneous adipocytes isolated from obese vs. lean postmenopausal women   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcriptome profile of subcutaneous adipocytes isolated from obese vs. lean postmenopausal women br / Number of assays: 14 br / Technology: Agilent Whole Human Genome Microarray 4x44K 014850 G4112F (85 Cols x 532 Rows) br / Experimental factors: Phenotype br / Last update: 10-07-2015 br / 
 Transcription profiling by array of HEK wild-type cells treated with geneticin or left untreated   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling by array of HEK wild-type cells treated with geneticin or left untreated br / Number of assays: 8 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Gene 1.0 ST Array [HuGene-1\ 0-st-v1] br / Experimental factors: Compound br / Last update: 03-07-2014 br / 
 Gene expression from H69M versus H69 SCLC cell lines   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Gene expression from H69M versus H69 SCLC cell lines br / Number of assays: 6 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Gene 1.0 ST Array [HuGene-1\ 0-st-v1] br / Experimental factors: Phenotype br / Last update: 09-07-2015 br / 
 Transcription profiling by array of human malignant peripheral nerve sheath tumour (MPNST) cell line 90-8TL with re-expressed SUZ12 or treated with bromodomain inhibitor JQ1   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling by array of human malignant peripheral nerve sheath tumour (MPNST) cell line 90-8TL with re-expressed SUZ12 or treated with bromodomain inhibitor JQ1 br / Number of assays: 6 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Gene 1.0 ST Array [HuGene-1\ 0-st-v1] br / Experimental factors: Compound, Genotype br / Last update: 21-11-2014 br / 
 Pharmacologic Inhibition of Epigenetic Modification Reveals Targets of Aberrant Promoter Methylation in Ewing Sarcoma   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Pharmacologic Inhibition of Epigenetic Modification Reveals Targets of Aberrant Promoter Methylation in Ewing Sarcoma br / Number of assays: 12 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Gene 1.0 ST Array [HuGene-1\ 0-st-v1] br / Experimental factors: Cell Line, Compound br / Last update: 11-07-2015 br / 
 transcription profiling by array of stem cells isolated from non-small cell lung cancer cell lines (NCI-H2170 and A549) and normal lung epithelial cell line (PHBEC)   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: transcription profiling by array of stem cells isolated from non-small cell lung cancer cell lines (NCI-H2170 and A549) and normal lung epithelial cell line (PHBEC) br / Number of assays: 12 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Gene 1.0 ST Array [HuGene-1\ 0-st-v1] br / Experimental factors: Cell Type br / Last update: 16-03-2015 br / 
 Gene expression of hepatocyte cell line (HepG2) treated with H2O2 to induce senescence relative to control untreated cells   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Gene expression of hepatocyte cell line (HepG2) treated with H2O2 to induce senescence relative to control untreated cells br / Number of assays: 8 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Gene 1.0 ST Array [HuGene-1\ 0-st-v1] br / Experimental factors: Phenotype br / Last update: 28-01-2015 br / 
 An integrative analysis of skeletal muscle insulin resistance   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: An integrative analysis of skeletal muscle insulin resistance br / Number of assays: 9 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Gene 1.0 ST Array [HuGene-1\ 0-st-v1] br / Experimental factors: Disease br / Last update: 18-03-2015 br / 
 Prolactin-inducible Stat5a-mediated and Stat5b-mediated gene profiles   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Prolactin-inducible Stat5a-mediated and Stat5b-mediated gene profiles br / Number of assays: 12 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Gene 1.0 ST Array [HuGene-1\ 0-st-v1] br / Experimental factors: Compound, Phenotype br / Last update: 18-08-2015 br / 
 Expression Analysis of Microdissected Inflammatory Breast Cancer   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Expression Analysis of Microdissected Inflammatory Breast Cancer br / Number of assays: 90 br / Technology: Agilent Whole Human Genome Microarray 4x44K 014850 G4112F (85 Cols x 532 Rows) br / Experimental factors: Disease br / Last update: 25-08-2015 br / 
 Transcriptional profiling of CML and normal, stem and progenitor haematopoietic cells   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcriptional profiling of CML and normal, stem and progenitor haematopoietic cells br / Number of assays: 24 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Gene 1.0 ST Array [HuGene-1\ 0-st-v1] br / Experimental factors: Cell Type, Disease br / Last update: 13-07-2015 br / 
 Expression data from human hematopoietic stem and progenitor compartments from patients with acute myeloid leukemia with normal karyotype and healthy controls   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Expression data from human hematopoietic stem and progenitor compartments from patients with acute myeloid leukemia with normal karyotype and healthy controls br / Number of assays: 28 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Gene 1.0 ST Array [HuGene-1\ 0-st-v1] br / Experimental factors: Cell Type, Disease br / Last update: 22-09-2015 br / 
 Pemetrexed alters inflammatory profile in EA.hy 926 cells grown under low-folate conditions   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Pemetrexed alters inflammatory profile in EA.hy 926 cells grown under low-folate conditions br / Number of assays: 12 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Gene 1.0 ST Array [HuGene-1\ 0-st-v1] br / Experimental factors: Compound, Growth Condition br / Last update: 17-08-2015 br / 
 System-Wide Analysis Reveals a Complex Network of Tumor-Fibroblast Interactions Involved in Tumorigenicity   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: System-Wide Analysis Reveals a Complex Network of Tumor-Fibroblast Interactions Involved in Tumorigenicity br / Number of assays: 80 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Gene 1.0 ST Array [HuGene-1\ 0-st-v1] br / Experimental factors: Cell Line, Growth Condition br / Last update: 19-08-2015 br / 
 Gene expression profile in adherent cultures compared to sphere cultures from malignant pleural effusions   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Gene expression profile in adherent cultures compared to sphere cultures from malignant pleural effusions br / Number of assays: 18 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Gene 1.0 ST Array [HuGene-1\ 0-st-v1] br / Experimental factors: Clinical Information br / Last update: 26-08-2015 br / 
 Comparing the effects of MITF on transcriptional regulation to the TEN1-ICD   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Comparing the effects of MITF on transcriptional regulation to the TEN1-ICD br / Number of assays: 6 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Gene 1.0 ST Array [HuGene-1\ 0-st-v1] br / Experimental factors: Phenotype br / Last update: 26-08-2015 br / 
 Comparison of gene expression profiles of anaplastic glioma with or without the mutated IDH1/2 gene   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Comparison of gene expression profiles of anaplastic glioma with or without the mutated IDH1/2 gene br / Number of assays: 12 br / Technology: Agilent Whole Human Genome Microarray 4x44K 014850 G4112F (85 Cols x 532 Rows) br / Experimental factors: Genotype br / Last update: 25-08-2015 br / 
 Expression data from melanoma subpopulations   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Expression data from melanoma subpopulations br / Number of assays: 16 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Gene 1.0 ST Array [HuGene-1\ 0-st-v1] br / Experimental factors: Phenotype br / Last update: 18-08-2015 br / 
 Suppression of IFN-induced transcription underlies IFN defects generated by activated Ras/MEK in human cancer cells   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Suppression of IFN-induced transcription underlies IFN defects generated by activated Ras/MEK in human cancer cells br / Number of assays: 30 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Gene 1.0 ST Array [HuGene-1\ 0-st-v1] br / Experimental factors: Cell Line, Compound, Time br / Last update: 10-10-2014 br / 
 Transcription profiling by array of MCF-7 and MDA-MB-213 cells treated with docetaxel   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling by array of MCF-7 and MDA-MB-213 cells treated with docetaxel br / Number of assays: 12 br / Technology: Agilent Whole Human Genome Microarray 4x44K 014850 G4112F (85 Cols x 532 Rows) br / Experimental factors: Cell Line, Phenotype br / Last update: 26-08-2015 br / 
 Expression profile of U373 cells over-expressing DTX1 and cells expressing a dominant negative form of MAML1   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Expression profile of U373 cells over-expressing DTX1 and cells expressing a dominant negative form of MAML1 br / Number of assays: 9 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Gene 1.0 ST Array [HuGene-1\ 0-st-v1] br / Experimental factors: Phenotype br / Last update: 12-08-2015 br / 
 Sodium metavanadate exhibits carcinogenic tendencies in vitro in immortalized human bronchial epithelial cells [DEG.C]   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Sodium metavanadate exhibits carcinogenic tendencies in vitro in immortalized human bronchial epithelial cells [DEG.C] br / Number of assays: 10 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Gene 1.0 ST Array [HuGene-1\ 0-st-v1] br / Experimental factors: Compound br / Last update: 19-08-2015 br / 
 Caco-2 cells: cultured in conventional vs apical anaerobic conditions   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Caco-2 cells: cultured in conventional vs apical anaerobic conditions br / Number of assays: 12 br / Technology: Agilent Whole Human Genome Microarray 4x44K 014850 G4112F (85 Cols x 532 Rows) br / Experimental factors: Growth Condition br / Last update: 29-02-2016 br / 
 Expression analysis of human melanoma short-term culture WM451-Lu harvested after lentiviral infection with a GFP (control) or SETDB1 (experimental) viral vector   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Expression analysis of human melanoma short-term culture WM451-Lu harvested after lentiviral infection with a GFP (control) or SETDB1 (experimental) viral vector br / Number of assays: 6 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Gene 1.0 ST Array [HuGene-1\ 0-st-v1] br / Experimental factors: Infect br / Last update: 12-08-2015 br / 
 HEK293T cells were transfected with the Rbp1-amr or slow (R729H-amr) α-amanitin resistant subunit of RNA Pol II and selected with α-amanitin 24 hours after transfection for additional 24 hours   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: HEK293T cells were transfected with the Rbp1-amr or slow (R729H-amr) α-amanitin resistant subunit of RNA Pol II and selected with α-amanitin 24 hours after transfection for additional 24 hours br / Number of assays: 6 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Gene 1.0 ST Array [HuGene-1\ 0-st-v1] br / Experimental factors: Phenotype, Treatment br / Last update: 17-07-2015 br / 
 Transcription profiling by array of HCC cells with RNAi knock-down of YAP   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling by array of HCC cells with RNAi knock-down of YAP br / Number of assays: 9 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Gene 1.0 ST Array [HuGene-1\ 0-st-v1] br / Experimental factors: Rnai br / Last update: 03-07-2014 br / 
 phs000636.v1.p1 - Whole Exome Sequencing for Familial Intracranial Aneurysm (FIA I-II) Study   dbGaP Study Information:       Type of study: Family   Study design: Family/Twin/Trios     br / Number of documents: 0   Number of variables: 32   Number of participants: 45   Number of analyses: 0     br / Projects in this study:   National Institute of Neurological Disorders and Stroke    Diseases:   Intracranial Aneurysm   Stroke   Intracranial Aneurysm      br / Technology used in this study:   Illumina HiSeq 2000   Illumina TruSeq SBS Kit v3-HS   Agilent SureSelectXT Human All Exon 50Mb       Assay types used:   SNP Genotypes (NGS)   Whole Exome (NGS)       
 phs001072.v1.p1 - Genomic Analysis of Relapsed Pediatric Acute Lymphoblastic Leukemia   dbGaP Study Information:       Type of study: Cohort   Study design: Tumor vs. Matched-Normal     br / Number of documents: 0   Number of variables: 21   Number of participants: 57   Number of analyses: 0     br / Projects in this study:   National Cancer Institute    Diseases:   Leukemia, Lymphoid   Lymphoblastic Leukemia, Acute, T-Cell   Precursor B-Cell Lymphoblastic Leukemia   Leukemia, Lymphoid    Tumor type: germline, tumor.     br / Technology used in this study:   Agilent SureSelect Human All Exon v4 - 51Mb   Illumina HiSeq paired end sequencing   Illumina HiSeq X Ten       Assay types used:   Whole Genome (NGS)   Whole Exome (NGS)       
 phs000776.v1.p1 - Consanguinity and Rare Mutations Outside of MCCC Genes Underlie Non-Specific Phenotypes of MCC Deficiency   dbGaP Study Information:       Type of study: Case-Control   Study design: Case-Control     br / Number of documents: 0   Number of variables: 15   Number of participants: 33   Number of analyses: 0     br / Projects in this study:   National Institute of Child Health and Human Development    Diseases:   Urea Cycle Disorders, Inborn   IGHMBP2 protein, human   ALDH7A1 protein, human   CFTR protein, human   TTC37 protein, human   aarF domain containing kinase 4, human   Urea Cycle Disorders, Inborn      br / Technology used in this study:   Agilent SureSelect Human All Exon 51Mb Target Enrichment Kit   Illumina HiSeq 2000       Assay types used:   SNP Genotypes (NGS)   Whole Exome (NGS)       
 phs001125.v1.p1 - ELLIPSE Prostate Cancer Genotyping   dbGaP Study Information:       Type of study: Case-Control   Study design: Case-Control     br / Number of documents: 0   Number of variables: 10   Number of participants: 12947   Number of analyses: 0     br / Projects in this study:   National Cancer Institute    Diseases:   Prostatic Neoplasms   Prostatic Neoplasms      br / Technology used in this study:   Illumina HumanOmni2.5-8 (Omni2.5)   Illumina Human Exome BeadChip v1.2   Illumina iCOGS Array       Assay types used:   SNP Genotypes    
 phs000179.v5.p2 - Genetic Epidemiology of COPD (COPDGene)   dbGaP Study Information:       Type of study: Case-Control   Study design: Case-Control     br / Number of documents: 16   Number of variables: 368   Number of participants: 10371   Number of analyses: 3     br / Projects in this study:   National Heart, Lung, Blood Institute   NHLBI GO-ESP    Diseases:   Pulmonary Disease, Chronic Obstructive   Emphysema   Pulmonary Disease, Chronic Obstructive    Tumor type: germline, unspecified.     br / Technology used in this study:   Roche NimbleGen SeqCap EZ Human Exome Library v2.0   Illumina HumanOmni1-Quad\ v1-0\ B       Assay types used:   SNP Genotypes (Array)   SNP Genotypes (NGS)   Whole Exome (NGS)       
 phs000660.v1.p1 - Chinese Alternating Hemiplegia of Childhood (AHC) Disease Study   dbGaP Study Information:       Type of study: Parent-Offspring Trios, Case Set   Study design: Case Set     br / Number of documents: 0   Number of variables: 21   Number of participants: 12   Number of analyses: 0     br / Projects in this study:   National Institute of Neurological Disorders and Stroke    Diseases:   Alternating hemiplegia of childhood   Alternating hemiplegia of childhood      br / Technology used in this study:   Agilent SureSelect Human All Exon 50Mb Target Enrichment Kit   Illumina HiSeq 2000       Assay types used:   Whole Exome (NGS)   SNP Genotypes (NGS)       
 phs000923.v1.p1 - Molecular Characterization of Germ Cell Tumors   dbGaP Study Information:       Type of study: Cohort   Study design: Prospective Longitudinal Cohort     br / Number of documents: 0   Number of variables: 10   Number of participants: 55   Number of analyses: 0     br / Projects in this study:   National Human Genome Research Institute    Diseases:   Male Germ Cell Tumor   Male Germ Cell Tumor    Tumor type: germline, tumor.     br / Technology used in this study:   Agilent SureSelect Human All Exon v.2 Kit   Illumina TruSeq RNA Access Library Prep V1.0       Assay types used:   RNA Seq (NGS)   SNV Aggregate (.MAF)   Whole Exome (NGS)       
 phs000757.v1.p1 - Ataxia Gene Identification by Integrated Genomic Analysis   dbGaP Study Information:       Type of study: Family   Study design: Family/Twin/Trios     br / Number of documents: 0   Number of variables: 17   Number of participants: 54   Number of analyses: 0     br / Projects in this study:   National Institute of Neurological Disorders and Stroke    Diseases:   Ataxia   Ataxia      br / Technology used in this study:   Roche NimbleGen SeqCap EZ Human Exome Library v1.0   Roche NimbleGen SeqCap EZ Human Exome Library v2.0   Roche NimbleGen SeqCap EZHuman Exome Library v3.0       Assay types used:   Whole Exome    
 phs001172.v1.p2 - NINDS Parkinson's Disease   dbGaP Study Information:       Type of study: Case-Control   Study design: Case-Control     br / Number of documents: 3   Number of variables: 133   Number of participants: 2116   Number of analyses: 3     br / Projects in this study:   National Institute of Neurological Disorders and Stroke    Diseases:   Parkinson Disease   Parkinson Disease      br / Technology used in this study:   Illumina HumanHap250Sv1.0   Illumina HumanHap300v1.1   Illumina HumanHap550v1.1   Illumina HumanHap550v3.0   Illumina TruSeq   Roche NimbleGen SeqCap EZ Human Exome Library v1.0   Roche NimbleGen SeqCap EZ Human Exome Library v2.0       Assay types used:   SNP Genotypes (Array)   SNP/CNV Genotypes (NGS)   Whole Exome (NGS)       
 E-GEOD-31136 - The Effect of liver regeneration on hESCs transplanted into SCID mice A source of functioning hepatocytes for liver cell transplantation and liver support is in need.     hESCs , when transplanted, generally form teratomas.     We studied capacity of hESCs to differentiate to hepatocyte like cells under the effect of in vivo liver regeneration.     In SCID-Beige mice hepatocyte replication peaked 48 hours after CCl4 injection; 24 hours earlier 106  hESCs or EBs at different stages of differentiation were transplanted into the spleen.     Comparisons were made to teratomas formed in the hind limb of untreated animals.     RT-PCR and gene microarray were used for liver and human specific markers.     Immunohistochemistry to AFP,AAT, ALB, HEP-PAR I AND CK-18,19 were performed.     EBs formed a single large teratoma in the spleen and small teratomas in the liver.     Expression of PCR- identified liver specific markers was greater in the spleen than in the liver.     Adult hepatocyte specific markers were expressed in the hind limb teratoma excised after 7 weeks.     When late EBs were transplanted before CCl4 exposure, no teratomas formed.     Rather, an abundance of probably undifferentiated ectodermal origin cells presented.     In this descriptive study, transplanted early human EBs formed teratomas that differed in size and molecular markers.     Within teratomas, the degree of maturation into hepatocytes correlated better with the time duration in vivo than with growth stimulation.     Late EBs formed non differentiated ectodermal cells only in a regenerative microenvironment.     4 samples were analyzed.     Clean mouse liver used as neg.     control.     Mouse liver injected with CCl4 and transplanted with late Ebs, tumor was not observed.     Two mouse livers injected with CCl4 and transplanted with late Ebs, tumor was observed.
 YAP transcriptional regulator depletion effect on endothelial cells Analysis of umbilical vein endothelial HUVEC cells depleted for the transcriptional regulator YAP. YAP binds to the SH3 domain of the transcriptional activator Yes. Results provide insight into the role of YAP in endothelial cell proliferation.
 Hypoxia effect on von Hippel Lindau-overexpressing renal cell carcinoma cells Analysis of renal cell carcinoma (RCC) 786-O cells transfected with von Hippel Lindau (VHL)-overexpression vector and cultured under hypoxia conditions (1% O2) for 24 hours. Results provide insight into overlap and differences of VHL- and hypoxia-dependent molecular alterations in RCC.
 Pulmonary fibrosis with associated pulmonary hypertension: lung explants Analysis of lung from pulmonary fibrosis (PF) patients divided into different groups based on the mean pulmonary arterial pressure (mPAP): severe pulmonary hypertension (PH) group, intermediate PH group, NoPH group. Results provide insight into the pathobiology of PF with associated PH.
 Postmortem Alzheimer's disease brains: Hisayama study Analysis of postmortem brain tissues (frontal cortex, temporal cortex, hippocampus) from male and female Hisayama residents pathologically diagnosed as having Alzheimer's disease (AD) or an AD-like disorder. Results provide insight into the molecular mechanisms underlying AD brain pathology.
 Inflammatory myopathies Analysis of pathological skeletal muscle fibers from patients with dermatomyositis (DM), polymyositis (PM), or inclusion body myositis (IBM). Results provide insight into the molecular mechanisms underlying the pathogenesis of DM, PM, and IBM.
 phs000803.v1.p1 - Colon Cancer Clinical Cohorts   dbGaP Study Information:       Type of study: Longitudinal, Case-Control   Study design: Prospective Longitudinal Cohort     br / Number of documents: 0   Number of variables: 10   Number of participants: 4   Number of analyses: 0     br / Projects in this study:   National Human Genome Research Institute    Diseases:   Colonic Neoplasms   Colonic Neoplasms    Tumor type: germline, tumor.     br / Technology used in this study:   Agilent SureSelect Human All Exon v.2 Kit   Illumina TruSeq Exome Enrichment Kit       Assay types used:   SNV Aggregate (.MAF)   Whole Exome (NGS)   RNA Seq (NGS)       
 phs000979.v1.p1 - Gene Expression in Postmortem DLPFC and Hippocampus From Schizophrenia and Mood Disorders   dbGaP Study Information:       Type of study: Case-Control   Study design: Case-Control     br / Number of documents: 0   Number of variables: 33   Number of participants: 914   Number of analyses: 0     br / Projects in this study:   National Institute of Mental Health    Diseases:   Schizophrenia   Bipolar Disorder   Major Depressive Disorder   Schizophrenia      br / Technology used in this study:   Illumina HumanHap650Yv3.0   Illumina Human1M-Duov3\ B   Illumina Human HT-12 Expression Bead Chip Kit       Assay types used:   SNP Genotypes (Array)   mRNA Expression (Array)       
 phs001050.v1.p1 - Breast Cancer Genome Guided Therapy Study (BEAUTY)   dbGaP Study Information:       Type of study: Case Set   Study design: Case Set     br / Number of documents: 0   Number of variables: 33   Number of participants: 118   Number of analyses: 0     br / Projects in this study:   National Institute of General Medical Sciences    Diseases:   Breast Neoplasms   Carcinoma, Ductal, Breast   Breast Neoplasms    Tumor type: germline, tumor.     br / Technology used in this study:   Agilent SureSelect Human All Exon + UTRs Library   Illumina TruSeq 101bp paired-end RNA-Seq       Assay types used:   RNA Seq (NGS)   Whole Exome (NGS)       
 phs000902.v1.p1 - MIGen ExS: Regicor   dbGaP Study Information:       Type of study: Case-Control   Study design: Case-Control     br / Number of documents: 0   Number of variables: 10   Number of participants: 784   Number of analyses: 0     br / Projects in this study:   National Heart, Lung, Blood Institute    Diseases:   Coronary Artery Disease   Coronary Artery Disease      br / Technology used in this study:   Illumina HiSeq 2000   Illumina HiSeq 2500   Agilent SureSelect Human All Exon v.2 Kit       Assay types used:   SNP/CNV Genotypes (NGS)   Whole Exome (NGS)       
 Transcription factor ZNF395 effect on RTS3b skin cancer cell line Analysis of skin cancer cell line RTS3b-TR-ZNF395 following doxycycline-induced expression of FLAG-tagged ZNF395. Transcription factor ZNF395 is overexpressed in various human cancers, often in response to hypoxia. Results provide insight into the molecular effects of ZNF395 in skin cancer cells.
 Age effect on corneal endothelium Analysis of corneal endothelium from pediatric (4-11 years old) and adult (53-70 years old) donor corneas. Results provide insight into differential molecular expression between pediatric and adult corneal endothelial cells.
 Rho-associated kinase deficiency effect on coronary artery smooth muscle cells in vitro Analysis of cultured vascular smooth muscle cells following knockdown of Rho-associated kinase 1 (ROCK1). ROCK1 phosphorylates and activates zipper-interacting protein kinase (ZIPK). These results, together with those from GDSxxxx, provide further insight into ROCK1 and ZIPK functions.
 Cisplatin-resistant non-small cell lung cancer cell line Analysis of cisplatin-resistant lung cancer cells derived from the non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) cell line H460. Results provide insight into the molecular mechanisms underlying the development of cisplatin resistance in NSCLC.
 Supraclavicular and subcutaneous adipose tissue progenitor cells Analysis of progenitor cells isolated from paired biopsies of deep neck and subcutaneous neck adipose tissue from patients undergoing neck surgery. Results provide insight into the molecular mechanisms underlying the differences between white and brown progenitor cells.
 Polycystic ovary syndrome: proliferative phase endometrial cell types Analysis of FACS-sorted endometrial cell types from proliferative phase endometrial biopsies collected from overweight/obese women with PCOS. Results provide insight into the molecular mechanisms underlying an endometrial disease phenotype in women with PCOS.
 Salmonella type III secretion effector SteA effect on epithelial cells Analysis of HeLa epithelial cells stably-transfected with a SteA-3xFLAG fusion construct. Salmonella effector SteA is a substrate for both type III secretion systems which are essential for virulence. Results provide insight into the role of SteA during infections.
 Anaplastic thyroid carcinomas: thyroid biopsies Analysis of anaplastic thyroid carcinomas (ATC), fresh-frozen and fine-needle aspiration biopsies. ATC is a rare but highly lethal form of thyroid cancer. Results provide insight into the molecular alterations contributing to ATC development.
 Obstructive sleep apnea response to continuous positive airway pressure treatment: leukocytes Analysis of peripheral blood leukocytes from patients with severe obstructive sleep apnea (OSA) before and after continuous positive airway pressure (CPAP) treatment. Results provide insight into the system-wide molecular response of OSA patients to CPAP therapy.
 Post-menopausal women: vaginal epithelium Analysis of vaginal epithelium of postmenopausal women with vaginal dryness. Vaginal dryness and atrophy are associated with menopausal estrogen depletion. Results provide insight into molecular mechanisms underlying vaginal atrophy.
 Glycogen synthase kinase 3 inhibitor effect on MLL leukemia cells Analysis of MLL leukemia cell line RS4.11 treated with GSK-3 inhibitor SB216763 for 20 hours. Results provide insight into the molecular mechanisms underlying MLL leukemia dependence on GSK-3.
 Triple negative breast cancer Analysis of triple negative breast cancer (TNBC) tumors. TNBC is usually associated with poor outcome, and is characterized by lack of estrogen and progesterone hormone receptors and lack of overexpression of HER2. Results provide insight into the molecular basis of tumorigenesis of TNBC.
 Lysyl oxidase-like 2 depletion effect on MDA-MB-231 cells Analysis of MDA-MB-231 cells depleted for Lysyl oxidase-like 2 (LOXL2). LOXL2 is a member of the Lysyl oxidase family of copper-containing enzymes that catalyze the oxidative deamination of epsilon-amino groups in lysines. Results provide insight into the role of LOXL2 in transcriptional regulation.
 Obstructive sleep apnea: visceral fat Analysis of visceral fat samples from individuals with obstructive sleep apnea (OSA). OSA is associated with metabolic dysregulation and systemic inflammation. Results provide insight into the effect of OSA on visceral fat at the molecular level.
 Electric pulse stimulation in vitro exercise model: primary myotubes Analysis of primary myotubes following electric pulse stimulation (EPS) for 24hr. The EPS conditions mimic an acute endurance exercise bout. Results provide insight into the molecular response of skeletal muscle to exercise.
 Macrophage response to H1N1 and H5N1 influenza viral infections Analysis of macrophages at 1, 3, and 6 hours post-infection with H1N1 or H5N1 viruses in vitro. The avian H5N1 virus is highly pathogenic, while the swine H1N1 virus is less so. Alveolar macrophages are targets of H5N1. Results provide insight into the host response to H1N1 and H5N1 infections.
 Asthma: white blood cells Analysis of white blood cells from children with severe therapy-resistant asthma and those with controlled persistent mild asthma. Results provide insight into the molecular pathogenesis of these asthma pheontypes.
 CD138- and CD138+ FACS-sorted myeloma cell lines Analysis of CD138+ and CD138− cells isolated from 2 multiple myeloma (MM) cell lines. The CD138- cells have greater clonogenic potential than the CD138+ plasma cells and exhibit stem cell properties. Results provide insight into the molecular basis of the CD138- clonogenic population.
 Modified natural and stimulated in vitro fertilization cycles: cumulus cells Analysis of cumulus cells surrounding mature oocytes derived from modified natural in vitro fertilization (IVF) and controlled ovarian hyperstimulation IVF cycles. Results provide insight into the molecular mechanisms underlying the lower success rates of modified natural IVF.
 Transcription factor Pax5 overexpression in Hodgkin lymphoma cell line L428 Analysis of classical Hodgkin lymphoma (cHL) cell line L428 stably-transfected with a mifepristone-inducible PAX5-expression system.  The L428-PAX5 cells were epigenetically modified by 5-aza-2'-deoxycytidine/TSA treatment. Results provide insight into the role of PAX5 in cHL.
 phs000509.v1.p1 - Genome Sequencing of Hepatocellular Carcinoma   dbGaP Study Information:       Type of study: Case Set   Study design: Case Set     br / Number of documents: 0   Number of variables: 22   Number of participants: 100   Number of analyses: 0     br / Projects in this study:   National Human Genome Research Institute    Diseases:   Carcinoma, Hepatocellular   Carcinoma, Hepatocellular    Tumor type: germline, tumor, unspecified.     br / Technology used in this study:   Applied Biosystems SOLiD   Illumina HiSeq 2000   Roche NimbleGen SeqCap EZ Human Exome Library v2.0       Assay types used:   Whole Exome    
 Mammary epithelial cell line 184A1 response to dual-pulse epidermal growth factor stimulation: time course Analysis of 184A1 mammary epithelial cells pulsed once or twice with epidermal growth factor (EGF). Normal cells require continuous exposure to growth factors to cross a restriction point and commit to cell-cycle progression. Results provide insight into molecular events regulating S phase entry.
 Characterization of gene expression profiles induced by HIC-1 reactivation on breast cancer   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Characterization of gene expression profiles induced by HIC-1 reactivation on breast cancer br / Number of assays: 6 br / Technology: Agilent Whole Human Genome Microarray 4x44K 014850 G4112F (85 Cols x 532 Rows) br / Experimental factors: RNA Interference br / Last update: 22-10-2015 br / 
 Transcription profiling by array of trichostatin-A treated gastric cancer cell lines   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling by array of trichostatin-A treated gastric cancer cell lines br / Number of assays: 12 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Gene 1.0 ST Array [HuGene-1\ 0-st-v1] br / Experimental factors: Cell Line, Compound br / Last update: 13-05-2016 br / 
 Analysis of gene expression in differentiated human primary keratinocytes depleted for Grainyhead like 3 (GRHL3)   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Analysis of gene expression in differentiated human primary keratinocytes depleted for Grainyhead like 3 (GRHL3) br / Number of assays: 6 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Gene 1.0 ST Array [HuGene-1\ 0-st-v1] br / Experimental factors: Genotype br / Last update: 28-09-2015 br / 
 Transcription profiling by array of human HCT116 cells treated with Nutlin-3 (an inhibitor of mdm2 and p53 interaction) or DMSO control to study p53-regulated transcription   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling by array of human HCT116 cells treated with Nutlin-3 (an inhibitor of mdm2 and p53 interaction) or DMSO control to study p53-regulated transcription br / Number of assays: 6 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Gene 1.0 ST Array [HuGene-1\ 0-st-v1] br / Experimental factors: Compound br / Last update: 03-07-2014 br / 
 Effects of Lipocalin 2 (Lcn2), iron, and the bacterial siderophore Enterobactin on A549 respiratory cell gene expression   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Effects of Lipocalin 2 (Lcn2), iron, and the bacterial siderophore Enterobactin on A549 respiratory cell gene expression br / Number of assays: 16 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Gene 1.0 ST Array [HuGene-1\ 0-st-v1] br / Experimental factors: Treatment br / Last update: 25-08-2015 br / 
 MicroRNA profiling by array of human sepsis patients after surgery identifies miR-150 as a plasma prognostic marker   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: MicroRNA profiling by array of human sepsis patients after surgery identifies miR-150 as a plasma prognostic marker br / Number of assays: 16 br / Technology: Agilent Human MiRNA Microarray 8 X 15K 016436 G4470A 96 Cols x 164 Rows br / Experimental factors: Disease State br / Last update: 03-07-2014 br / 
 Transcription profiling by array of human BT-20 cells with siRNA silencing of E-cadherin and P-cadherin   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling by array of human BT-20 cells with siRNA silencing of E-cadherin and P-cadherin br / Number of assays: 12 br / Technology: Agilent Whole Human Genome Microarray 4x44K 014850 G4112F (85 Cols x 532 Rows) br / Experimental factors: RNA Interference br / Last update: 26-08-2015 br / 
 Transcription profiling by array of human precusor B cell subsets from children and adults   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling by array of human precusor B cell subsets from children and adults br / Number of assays: 39 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Exon 1.0 ST Array Version 2, [HuEx-1\ 0-st-v2] br / Experimental factors: Cell Type, Developmental Stage br / Last update: 02-11-2015 br / 
 Transcription profiling by array of U937 cells transduced with retroviral vectors encoding REtr or c-KIT(N822K)   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling by array of U937 cells transduced with retroviral vectors encoding REtr or c-KIT(N822K) br / Number of assays: 12 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Gene 1.0 ST Array [HuGene-1\ 0-st-v1] br / Experimental factors: Genotype br / Last update: 05-08-2014 br / 
 Expression data from human coronary artery endothelial cells treated with HDL components   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Expression data from human coronary artery endothelial cells treated with HDL components br / Number of assays: 25 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Gene 1.0 ST Array [HuGene-1\ 0-st-v1] br / Experimental factors: Compound br / Last update: 31-07-2015 br / 
 Gene expression profiling of triple negative breast cancer, normal ductal cells, and normal tissues   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Gene expression profiling of triple negative breast cancer, normal ductal cells, and normal tissues br / Number of assays: 43 br / Technology: Agilent Whole Human Genome Microarray 4x44K 014850 G4112F (85 Cols x 532 Rows) br / Experimental factors: Disease, Organism Part br / Last update: 19-08-2015 br / 
 Loss-of-parkin function enhances cyclin D1 expression and AKT signalling and promotes glioblastoma cell proliferation   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Loss-of-parkin function enhances cyclin D1 expression and AKT signalling and promotes glioblastoma cell proliferation br / Number of assays: 21 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Gene 1.0 ST Array [HuGene-1\ 0-st-v1] br / Experimental factors: Phenotype br / Last update: 17-08-2015 br / 
 Comparative gene expression analysis of the human periodontal ligament in deciduous and permanent teeth   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Comparative gene expression analysis of the human periodontal ligament in deciduous and permanent teeth br / Number of assays: 6 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Gene 1.0 ST Array [HuGene-1\ 0-st-v1] br / Experimental factors: Organism Part br / Last update: 27-07-2015 br / 
 Transcriptional effect of an off-target shRNA targeting nucleostemin in human glioblastoma-derived cancer stem cells   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcriptional effect of an off-target shRNA targeting nucleostemin in human glioblastoma-derived cancer stem cells br / Number of assays: 6 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Gene 1.0 ST Array [HuGene-1\ 0-st-v1] br / Experimental factors: RNA Interference br / Last update: 17-08-2015 br / 
 Genome-wide expression profiling of SGTA knockdown in  C4-2B prostate cancer cells   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Genome-wide expression profiling of SGTA knockdown in  C4-2B prostate cancer cells br / Number of assays: 10 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Gene 1.0 ST Array [HuGene-1\ 0-st-v1] br / Experimental factors: RNA Interference, Compound br / Last update: 13-01-2015 br / 
 Investigation of gene expression in biopsies from psoriasis patients before and after adalimumab treatment. Paired biopsies from non-lesional and lesional before treatment start and from psoriatic skin four and 14 days treatment start were included   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Investigation of gene expression in biopsies from psoriasis patients before and after adalimumab treatment. Paired biopsies from non-lesional and lesional before treatment start and from psoriatic skin four and 14 days treatment start were included br / Number of assays: 35 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Gene 1.0 ST Array [HuGene-1\ 0-st-v1] br / Experimental factors: Biopsy Site, Time br / Last update: 08-12-2016 br / 
 Gene expression profiling of differentiated HNECs stimulated by IL4, IL13, IFNalpha, IFNbeta, IFNgamma and controls   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Gene expression profiling of differentiated HNECs stimulated by IL4, IL13, IFNalpha, IFNbeta, IFNgamma and controls br / Number of assays: 21 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Gene 1.0 ST Array [HuGene-1\ 0-st-v1] br / Experimental factors: Compound br / Last update: 27-07-2015 br / 
 Expression profile of A1-2 cells treated with 100 nM Dexamethasone or ethanol vehicle for 8h   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Expression profile of A1-2 cells treated with 100 nM Dexamethasone or ethanol vehicle for 8h br / Number of assays: 6 br / Technology: Agilent Whole Human Genome Microarray 4x44K 014850 G4112F (85 Cols x 532 Rows) br / Experimental factors: Compound br / Last update: 12-08-2015 br / 
 Differential expression in the cortex and white matter of patients with cerebral small vessel disease (SVD)   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Differential expression in the cortex and white matter of patients with cerebral small vessel disease (SVD) br / Number of assays: 60 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Gene 1.0 ST Array [HuGene-1\ 0-st-v1] br / Experimental factors: Cell Type, Disease, Organism Part br / Last update: 18-03-2015 br / 
 Transcriptional analysis of Calu-3 2B-4 cells stimulated with Interleukin-1a and TNFa   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcriptional analysis of Calu-3 2B-4 cells stimulated with Interleukin-1a and TNFa br / Number of assays: 21 br / Technology: Agilent Whole Human Genome Microarray 4x44K 014850 G4112F (85 Cols x 532 Rows) br / Experimental factors: Compound, Time br / Last update: 04-08-2015 br / 
 Expression data from MDA-MB-231 cells treated with vehicle or YW3-56   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Expression data from MDA-MB-231 cells treated with vehicle or YW3-56 br / Number of assays: 6 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Gene 1.0 ST Array [HuGene-1\ 0-st-v1] br / Experimental factors: Compound br / Last update: 06-08-2015 br / 
 Transcription profiling by array of human CD34+ cells from bone marrow of patients with mucosa-associated lymphoid tissue (MLAT) lymphoma and control CD34+ cells from healthy individuals   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling by array of human CD34+ cells from bone marrow of patients with mucosa-associated lymphoid tissue (MLAT) lymphoma and control CD34+ cells from healthy individuals br / Number of assays: 10 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Gene 1.0 ST Array [HuGene-1\ 0-st-v1] br / Experimental factors: Disease br / Last update: 03-07-2014 br / 
 Transcription profiling of CD8+ T cells from patients infected with human immunodeficiency virus, hepatitis C virus, or both   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling of CD8+ T cells from patients infected with human immunodeficiency virus, hepatitis C virus, or both br / Number of assays: 9 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Gene 1.0 ST Array [HuGene-1\ 0-st-v1] br / Experimental factors: Infect br / Last update: 22-10-2015 br / 
 Transcriptional profiling of tissue factor pathway inhibitor (TFPI) alpha or beta overexpression in SK-BR-3 breast carcinoma cells   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcriptional profiling of tissue factor pathway inhibitor (TFPI) alpha or beta overexpression in SK-BR-3 breast carcinoma cells br / Number of assays: 9 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Gene 1.0 ST Array [HuGene-1\ 0-st-v1] br / Experimental factors: Genotype br / Last update: 12-08-2015 br / 
 Gene expression data from  human metastatic melanoma tumors that may predict response to RAF265   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Gene expression data from  human metastatic melanoma tumors that may predict response to RAF265 br / Number of assays: 42 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Gene 1.0 ST Array [HuGene-1\ 0-st-v1] br / Experimental factors: Clinical Information, Genotype br / Last update: 17-08-2015 br / 
 Isolation and characterization of cancer-associated fibroblast-like cells in the glioblastoma microenvironment   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Isolation and characterization of cancer-associated fibroblast-like cells in the glioblastoma microenvironment br / Number of assays: 7 br / Technology: Agilent Whole Human Genome Microarray 4x44K 014850 G4112F (85 Cols x 532 Rows) br / Experimental factors: Disease br / Last update: 12-08-2015 br / 
 Nasal epithelium gene expression profiling in child respiratory allergic disease   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Nasal epithelium gene expression profiling in child respiratory allergic disease br / Number of assays: 38 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Gene 1.0 ST Array [HuGene-1\ 0-st-v1] br / Experimental factors: Disease br / Last update: 27-07-2015 br / 
 Transcription profiling by array of ATM deficient human mammary epithelial cells   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling by array of ATM deficient human mammary epithelial cells br / Number of assays: 6 br / Technology: Agilent Whole Human Genome Microarray 4x44K 014850 G4112F (85 Cols x 532 Rows) br / Experimental factors: Genotype br / Last update: 07-11-2014 br / 
 Effect of SRSF2 over-expression in a human lung carcinoma cell line   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Effect of SRSF2 over-expression in a human lung carcinoma cell line br / Number of assays: 12 br / Technology: Agilent Whole Human Genome Microarray 4x44K 014850 G4112F (85 Cols x 532 Rows) br / Experimental factors: Compound br / Last update: 17-06-2015 br / 
 Expression data from MCF7 cells treated with Neuregulin (NRG) at different times   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Expression data from MCF7 cells treated with Neuregulin (NRG) at different times br / Number of assays: 15 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Gene 1.0 ST Array [HuGene-1\ 0-st-v1] br / Experimental factors: Compound, Time br / Last update: 06-08-2015 br / 
 Gene expression profile of monocyte-derived macrophages treated with the apolipoprotein A-I (apoA-I) mimetic peptide 4F   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Gene expression profile of monocyte-derived macrophages treated with the apolipoprotein A-I (apoA-I) mimetic peptide 4F br / Number of assays: 16 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Gene 1.0 ST Array [HuGene-1\ 0-st-v1] br / Experimental factors: Compound br / Last update: 28-09-2015 br / 
 Gene expression profile of acute lymphoblastic leukemia cell lines treated with panobinostat   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Gene expression profile of acute lymphoblastic leukemia cell lines treated with panobinostat br / Number of assays: 12 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Gene 1.0 ST Array [HuGene-1\ 0-st-v1] br / Experimental factors: Cell Line, Compound br / Last update: 16-09-2015 br / 
 Crosstalk between the effects of extracellular vesicles (Evs) and TNF on U937 human monocyte cell line   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Crosstalk between the effects of extracellular vesicles (Evs) and TNF on U937 human monocyte cell line br / Number of assays: 12 br / Technology: Agilent Whole Human Genome Microarray 4x44K 014850 G4112F (85 Cols x 532 Rows) br / Experimental factors: Compound br / Last update: 15-07-2015 br / 
 Examination of the role of peptidylarginine deiminase 2 (PAD2) in gene expression in MCF-7 breast cancer cells   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Examination of the role of peptidylarginine deiminase 2 (PAD2) in gene expression in MCF-7 breast cancer cells br / Number of assays: 8 br / Technology: Agilent Whole Human Genome Microarray 4x44K 014850 G4112F (85 Cols x 532 Rows) br / Experimental factors: Phenotype br / Last update: 18-08-2015 br / 
 Gene expression profiling of the adjacent airway field cancerization in early stage NSCLC   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Gene expression profiling of the adjacent airway field cancerization in early stage NSCLC br / Number of assays: 226 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Gene 1.0 ST Array [HuGene-1\ 0-st-v1] br / Experimental factors: Biopsy Site, Disease br / Last update: 25-08-2015 br / 
 Transcription profiling by array of several human solid tumor cell lines (glioblastoma, breast carcinoma and lung carcinoma) and T-cell leukemia cells treated with different dose of antofine N-oxide to study the drug's anti-cancer activities   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling by array of several human solid tumor cell lines (glioblastoma, breast carcinoma and lung carcinoma) and T-cell leukemia cells treated with different dose of antofine N-oxide to study the drug's anti-cancer activities br / Number of assays: 18 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Gene 1.0 ST Array [HuGene-1\ 0-st-v1] br / Experimental factors: Cell Line, Compound br / Last update: 22-06-2015 br / 
 Gene expression analysis of OVCAR-3 and CDK2 resistant sublines   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Gene expression analysis of OVCAR-3 and CDK2 resistant sublines br / Number of assays: 14 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Gene 1.0 ST Array [HuGene-1\ 0-st-v1] br / Experimental factors: Cell Type, Growth Condition br / Last update: 21-07-2015 br / 
 Transcription profiling by array of human HEK293-M2 cells to identify human ORFs conferring resistance to various drug treatments   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling by array of human HEK293-M2 cells to identify human ORFs conferring resistance to various drug treatments br / Number of assays: 11 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Gene 1.0 ST Array [HuGene-1\ 0-st-v1] br / Experimental factors: Compound br / Last update: 13-07-2015 br / 
 Transcription profiling by array of A204 cells after treatment with SAHA   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling by array of A204 cells after treatment with SAHA br / Number of assays: 6 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Gene 1.0 ST Array [HuGene-1\ 0-st-v1] br / Experimental factors: Compound br / Last update: 03-07-2014 br / 
 ICL010 - Infection of Calu-3 cells with H1N1 influenza virus A/Netherlands/602/2009   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: ICL010 - Infection of Calu-3 cells with H1N1 influenza virus A/Netherlands/602/2009 br / Number of assays: 66 br / Technology: Agilent Whole Human Genome Microarray 4x44K 014850 G4112F (85 Cols x 532 Rows) br / Experimental factors: Infect, Time br / Last update: 20-08-2015 br / 
 Transcription profiling by array of stimulated or unstimulated human CD4+ T cells incubated with edelfosine   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling by array of stimulated or unstimulated human CD4+ T cells incubated with edelfosine br / Number of assays: 20 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Gene 1.0 ST Array [HuGene-1\ 0-st-v1] br / Experimental factors: Compound, Treatment br / Last update: 28-07-2014 br / 
 phs000328.v2.p1 - Genome-wide Analysis of Lymphoma   dbGaP Study Information:       Type of study: Tumor vs. Matched-Normal, Case-Control   Study design: Tumor vs. Matched-Normal     br / Number of documents: 0   Number of variables: 10   Number of participants: 119   Number of analyses: 0     br / Projects in this study:   National Cancer Institute    Diseases:   Lymphoma, Large B-Cell, Diffuse   Lymphoma, Follicular   Lymphoma, Non-Hodgkin   Lymphoma, Large B-Cell, Diffuse    Tumor type: germline, tumor.     br / Technology used in this study:   Roche 454 GS FLX Titanium   Affymetrix AFFY\ 6.0   Roche NimbleGen High Density 2.1M Human Exome Array   Agilent SureSelect Human All Exon 51Mb Target Enrichment Kit   Illumina HiSeq 2000       Assay types used:   SNP Genotypes (Array)   Whole Exome (NGS)       
 phs000933.v1.p1 - Melanoma Exome Sequencing   dbGaP Study Information:       Type of study: Case Set   Study design: Case Set     br / Number of documents: 0   Number of variables: 14   Number of participants: 213   Number of analyses: 0     br / Projects in this study:   National Cancer Institute    Diseases:   Melanoma   High-Throughput Nucleotide Sequencing   Melanoma    Tumor type: germline, tumor.     br / Technology used in this study:   Illumina Genome Analyzer IIX   Illumina HiSeq 2000   Roche NimbleGen SeqCap EZ Human Exome Library v1.0   Roche NimbleGen SeqCap EZ Human Exome Library v2.0       Assay types used:   SNV Aggregate (.MAF)   Whole Exome (NGS)       
 E-GEOD-22594 - Efficacy of bortezomib in a direct xenograft model of primary effusion lymphoma Primary effusion lymphoma is an aggressive B-cell lymphoma most commonly diagnosed in HIV-positive patients and universally associated with Kaposi’s sarcoma-associated herpesvirus (KSHV). Chemotherapy treatment of PEL yields only short-term remissions in the vast majority of patients yet efforts to develop superior therapeutic approaches have been impeded by lack of animal models that more accurately mimic human disease.     To address this issue we developed a direct xenograft model, UM-PEL-1, by transferring freshly-isolated human PEL cells into the peritoneal cavities of NOD/SCID mice without in vitro cell growth.     We utilized this model to show that bortezomib induces PEL remission and extends overall survival of mice bearing lymphomatous effusions.      Transcriptome analysis by genomic arrays revealed that bortezomib downregulated cell cycle progression, DNA replication, and Myc-target genes.     The microarray analysis was conducted on mice bearing UM-PEL-1 xenografts after treatment for 24 hours with PBS or bortezomib.      Both arms of the experiment had three mice and the RNA was pooled from the three treated mice for gene expression analysis.
 Sunitinib effect on renal cancer xenograft tumors Analysis of Kyoto University Renal Cancer (KURC) xenograft tumor models, KURC1, KURC2, KURC3, treated with sunitinib, a small molecule inhibitor of receptor tyrosine kinases that is used to treat RC. Results provide insight into molecular mechanisms underlying acquired sunitinib resistance in RC.
 Non-phosphorylated FTY720 effect on immortalized microglia HMO6 cell line Analysis of immortalized brain HMO6 microglia treated with FTY720-non-P, a non-phosphorylated form of FTY720 (a synthetic analog of sphingosine). Results provide insight into the molecular mechanisms responsible for triggering FTY720-non-P-induced apoptosis of HMO6.
 Nasu-Hakola disease model: DAP12 knockdown THP-1 clones Analysis of DAP12-deficient acute monocytic leukemia THP-1 cells that serve as a model of NHD, following treatment with 12-myristate 13-acetate (PMA).  PMA is a known inducer of morphological differentiation of THP-1 cells. Results provide insight into molecular mechanisms underlying NHD pathology.
 Progressive pulmonary sarcoidosis Comparison of lungs from patients with nodular self-limiting pulmonary sarcoidosis (PS) to those with progressive fibrotic PS. About 60-70% of patients with PS have disease that resolves spontaneously, the rest follow a chronic course. Results provide insight into the pathogenesis of progressive PS.
 Myelomatous bone marrow cultures: contact versus contactless conditions Analysis of cultured myeloma bone marrow (BM) cells fixed immediately following spread from the bottom well or after maintenance in suspension (delayed fixation for 60, 120 minutes). Results provide insight into molecular mechanisms involved in contact versus contactless growth in myeloma.
 Postbariatric, morbidly obese patients with nonalcoholic fatty liver disease: liver biopsies Analysis of liver from morbidly obese patient representing nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) subtypes steatosis and nonalcoholic steatohepatitis (NASH), post-bariatric surgery. Results provide insight into molecular basis of the NAFLD liver phenotypes and into postbariatric molecular changes.
 Chronic high-level alcohol consumption effect on brain: post-mortem hippocampus Analysis of post-mortem hippocampus of chronic alcoholics (CAs). Chronic high-level alcohol consumption leads to decreased white matter and inhibition of neurogenesis. Results provide insight into molecular mechanisms that may play a role in the risk for alcoholism.
 Non-syndromic cleft lip and palate: dental pulp stem cell cultures Analysis of NSCL/P dental pulp stem cells cultures. This cell source consists of mesodermal and neural crest derived cells and, therefore, it shares the same origin with cells involved in lip and palate morphogenesis. Results provide insight into molecular mechanisms underlying NSCL/P etiology.
 phs000548.v1.p1 - Aspirin Pharmacogenomics   dbGaP Study Information:       Type of study: Cohort   Study design: Interventional     br / Number of documents: 0   Number of variables: 14   Number of participants: 104   Number of analyses: 0     br / Projects in this study:   National Institute of General Medical Sciences    Diseases:   Aspirin   br / Technology used in this study:   Affymetrix Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 Array   Affymetrix U133 A 2.0       Assay types used:   MRNA Expression    
 Xenograft ovarian tumor response to anti-cancer therapeutic MT19: time course Analysis of ovarian xenograft tumors from nude mice inoculated with SKOV-3 cells then treated with anti-cancer agent MT19c. Xenograft tumors collected up to 30 days after initiation of MT19c treatment. Results provide insight into molecular mechanisms underlying ovarian xenograft tumor progression.
 Renal clear cell carcinoma-thyroid hormone receptor mutants: HepG3 cell line Analysis of HepG2 transformants expressing: wildtype thyroid hormone receptors (TRs), hepatocellular carcinoma (HCC)-TR mutants, or renal clear cell carcinoma (RCCC)-TR mutants, in the presence of hormone agonist T3 thyronine. Results provide insight into a unique regulatory repertoire for RCCCs.
 Induced pluripotent stem cell-derived neurons from schizophrenia patients Analysis of induced pluripotent stem cells (iPSCs) generated from schizophrenic patients and differentiated to iPSC-derived neurons in vitro. Schizophrenic iPSC-derived neurons showed diminished neuronal connectivity. Results provide insight into molecular mechanisms responsible for schizophrenia.
 Myelomatous bone marrow samples after aspiration: time course Analysis of myeloma-patient whole bone marrow (BM) aspirates after immediate RNA fixation or after delayed fixation (up to 660 min). Aspiration interrupts the natural BM interactions. Results provide insight into the molecular pathways regulated by intercellular interactions within myelomatous BM.
 Co-expression of tyrosine kinase receptors HER2 and HER3 in mammary epithelial cells MCF10A grown in three-dimensional cultures Analysis of MCF10A mammary epithelial cells expressing HER2, HER3, or HER2/HER3 heterodimer. Co-expression of HER2 and HER3 induced migration and invasion of MCF10A cells. Results provide insight into the role of HER2 and HER3 in breast cancer.
 Oligooxopiperazine effect on hypoxic alveolar adenocarcinoma cell line Analysis of hypoxic A549 cells treated with oligooxopiperazines (OOPs) BB2-125, BB2-162, and BB2-282. OOPs are designed mimics of a key α-helical domain at the interface of hypoxia-inducible factor 1α (HIF1α) and coactivator p300. Results provide insight into the effect of OOPs on HIF signaling.
 Morbidly obese and non-obese individuals: adipose stem cells Analysis of adipose stem cells (ASC) from subcutaneous white adipose tissue (WAT) of morbidly obese and non-obese individuals. WAT serves as a reservoir for ASCs for cell renewal and repair. Results provide insight into molecular mechanisms by which obesity affects subcutaneous WAT stem cells.
 Undifferentiated amniotic-fluid kidney progenitor cells Analysis of undifferentiated cells: triple positive sorted, amniotic-fluid kidney progenitor cells (hAKPC) and conditionally immortalized de-differentiated podocytes (hIPod). Results provide comparison of cell types and insight into mechanisms of stem cell differentiation into podocytes.
 First, second and third trimester pregnancy: maternal cell-free plasma Analysis of cell-free plasma from pregnant women during the first, second, third trimesters and immediately post-partum. Results provide insight into a noninvasive means to monitor the expression status of many tissues and measure temporal expression of genes longitudinally during development.
 Quinazolone RVX-208 effect on liver carcinoma cell line Analysis of HepG2 liver carcinoma cells treated with the quinazolone RVX-208 or the triazolothienodiazepine JQ1, a BET bromodomain (BD) inhibitor. BET protein dysfunction is linked to cancer. Results provide insight into the difference in affinity of RVX-208 for the 1st and 2nd BDs in BET proteins.
 MLL2-depleted epidermal keratinocyte response to the induction of differentiation in vitro Analysis of MLL2-depleted neonatal epidermal keratinocytes following treatment with 1.8 mM calcium for 24 hours to induce differentiation. Histone H3K4 methyltransferase MLL2 is a trithorax group protein. Results provide insight into the role of MLL2 in keratinocyte differentiation.
 Notch1 stimulation effect on glioblastoma stem cell cultures Analysis of Gb4 and Gb7 glioma cancer stem cells following forced expression of the Notch1 intracellular domain (NICD) to activate the Notch1 signaling pathway. Results provide insight into a role for the Notch1 pathway in glioblastoma stem cell plasticity and angiogenic properties.
 phs000814.v1.p1 - MIGen ExS: Italian Atherosclerosis Thrombosis and Vascular Biology   dbGaP Study Information:       Type of study: Case-Control   Study design: Case-Control     br / Number of documents: 0   Number of variables: 10   Number of participants: 3592   Number of analyses: 0     br / Projects in this study:   National Heart, Lung, Blood Institute    Diseases:   Coronary Artery Disease   Atherosclerosis   Thrombosis   Coronary Artery Disease      br / Technology used in this study:   Illumina HiSeq 2000   Illumina HiSeq 2500   Agilent SureSelect Human All Exon v.2 Kit       Assay types used:   SNP/CNV Genotypes (NGS)   Whole Exome (NGS)       
 phs000831.v1.p1 - Sporadic Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis (ALS): Sequencing Study   dbGaP Study Information:       Type of study: Parent-Offspring Trios, Twin   Study design: Family/Twin/Trios     br / Number of documents: 0   Number of variables: 17   Number of participants: 157   Number of analyses: 0     br / Projects in this study:   National Human Genome Research Institute    Diseases:   Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis   Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis      br / Technology used in this study:   Illumina HiSeq 2500   Roche NimbleGen SeqCap EZ Human Exome Library v2.0       Assay types used:   Whole Genome (NGS)   Whole Exome (NGS)       
 phs000502.v1.p1 - Genome-Wide Analysis of Splenic Marginal Zone Lymphoma   dbGaP Study Information:       Type of study: Case-Control   Study design: Case-Control     br / Number of documents: 0   Number of variables: 10   Number of participants: 8   Number of analyses: 0     br / Projects in this study:   National Cancer Institute    Diseases:   Lymphoma, Non-Hodgkin   Lymphoma, B-Cell   Lymphoma, Non-Hodgkin    Tumor type: germline, tumor.     br / Technology used in this study:   Affymetrix AFFY\ 6.0   Illumina HiSeq 2000   Agilent SureSelect Human All Exon 50Mb Target Enrichment Kit       Assay types used:   SNP Genotypes (Array)   Whole Exome (NGS)       
 phs000363.v16.p10 - NHLBI Framingham SABRe CVD   dbGaP Study Information:       Type of study: Cohort   Study design: Prospective Longitudinal Cohort     br / Number of documents: 73   Number of variables: 1404   Number of participants: 7569   Number of analyses: 0     br / Projects in this study:   Systems Approach to Biomarker Research    Diseases:   Cardiovascular Diseases   Cardiovascular System   Myocardial Infarction   Coronary Artery Bypass Grafting   Percutaneous Transluminal Coronary Angioplasty   Stroke   Cardiovascular Diseases      br / Technology used in this study:   Affymetrix GeneChip Human Exon 1.0 ST Array   Luminex Custom Panel   Invitrogen TaqMan 350 MicroRNA Custom Panels       Assay types used:   mRNA Expression (Array)   miRNA Expression (Array)       
 phs000883.v1.p1 - MIGen ExS: PROCARDIS   dbGaP Study Information:       Type of study: Case-Control   Study design: Case-Control     br / Number of documents: 0   Number of variables: 10   Number of participants: 2054   Number of analyses: 0     br / Projects in this study:   National Heart, Lung, Blood Institute    Diseases:   Coronary Artery Disease   Coronary Artery Disease      br / Technology used in this study:   Illumina HiSeq 2000   Illumina HiSeq 2500   Agilent SureSelect Human All Exon v.2 Kit       Assay types used:   SNP/CNV Genotypes (NGS)   Whole Exome (NGS)       
 phs000879.v1.p1 - DFCI Brown Lab CLL Sequencing Study   dbGaP Study Information:       Type of study: Cohort, Longitudinal   Study design: Prospective Longitudinal Cohort     br / Number of documents: 0   Number of variables: 10   Number of participants: 30   Number of analyses: 0     br / Projects in this study:   National Human Genome Research Institute    Diseases:   Leukemia, Lymphocytic, Chronic, B-Cell   Leukemia, Lymphocytic, Chronic, B-Cell    Tumor type: germline, tumor.     br / Technology used in this study:   Agilent SureSelect Human All Exon v.2 Kit   Illumina TruSeq Stranded mRNA Sample Prep Kit       Assay types used:   RNA Seq (NGS)   Whole Genome (NGS)       
 phs000977.v1.p1 - Genetic Analysis of Desmoplastic Melanoma   dbGaP Study Information:       Type of study: Tumor vs. Matched-Normal   Study design: Tumor vs. Matched-Normal     br / Number of documents: 0   Number of variables: 12   Number of participants: 62   Number of analyses: 0     br / Projects in this study:   National Cancer Institute    Diseases:   Melanoma   Melanoma    Tumor type: germline, tumor.     br / Technology used in this study:   Agilent SureSelect Human All Exon v4+UTRs   Illumina HiSeq 2500   Roche NimbleGen SeqCap EZ Choice Library       Assay types used:   Targeted Exome (NGS)   Whole Genome (NGS)   Whole Exome (NGS)       
 phs000474.v3.p2 - Biology and Molecular Analysis of Human Hematopoiesis Genetics   dbGaP Study Information:       Type of study: Probands, Mendelian, Family   Study design: Mendelian     br / Number of documents: 0   Number of variables: 10   Number of participants: 556   Number of analyses: 0     br / Projects in this study:   National Human Genome Research Institute    Diseases:   Anemia, Dyserythropoietic, Congenital   Anemia, Diamond-Blackfan   Anemia, Dyserythropoietic, Congenital      br / Technology used in this study:   Agilent SureSelect Human All Exon v.2 Kit   Illumina ICE Capture Reagent       Assay types used:   SNP Genotypes (NGS)   Whole Exome (NGS)       
 phs000744.v4.p2 - Yale Center for Mendelian Genomics (Y CMG)   dbGaP Study Information:       Type of study: Mixed   Study design: Mendelian     br / Number of documents: 0   Number of variables: 19   Number of participants: 1896   Number of analyses: 0     br / Projects in this study:   Centers for Mendelian Genomics    Diseases:   Familial Idiopathic Pulmonary Fibrosis   Aortic Coarctation   Aortic Stenosis, Supravalvular   Aortic Valve, Bicuspid   Arteries   Blepharophimosis   Bronchiectasis   Carcinoma, Renal Cell   Cardiomyopathies   Ciliary Motility Disorders   Cleft Palate   Congenital Abnormalities   Diaphragmatic Hernia   Ductus Arteriosus, Patent   Gastroschisis   Heart Defects, Congenital   Heart Septal Defects, Atrial   Heart Valve Diseases   Hemangioma   Hereditary Sensory and Autonomic Neuropathies   Hydrocephalus   Hyper-IgM Immunodeficiency Syndrome   Hyperaldosteronism   Hypertension   Ichthyosiform Erythroderma, Congenital   Idiopathic Pulmonary Fibrosis   Lung Diseases, Interstitial   Muscular Atrophy, Spinal   Neuroblastoma   Pneumothorax   Pulmonary Atresia   Pulmonary Valve Stenosis   Rett Syndrome   Spina Bifida   Tetralogy of Fallot   Transposition of Great Vessels   Tricuspid Atresia   Familial Idiopathic Pulmonary Fibrosis      br / Technology used in this study:   Roche NimbleGen SeqCap EZ Human Exome Library v2.0   Illumina HiSeq 2000   Illumina HiSeq 2500       Assay types used:   SNP Genotypes (Array)   Whole Exome (NGS)   SNP Genotypes (NGS)       
 West Nile virus infection effect on retinal pigment epithelium cells Analysis of primary retinal pigment epithelial (RPE) cells and RPE ARPE-19 cells infected with West Nile virus (WNV). WNV infection can lead to ocular pathologies such as chorioretinitis, uveitis, or optic neuritis. Results provide insight into the molecular response of RPE cells to WNV infection.
 Severe pandemic H1N1 influenza effect on peripheral blood: time course Temporal analysis of peripheral blood from patients with severe pdm(H1N1) influenza, bilateral chest infiltrates, and in need of mechanical ventilation, but without significant co-morbidity. Results provide insight into molecular basis of immune responses in patients with severe pdmH1N1 infection.
 Dietary fatty acid composition effect on vastus lateralis muscle Analysis of skeletal muscle (SM) from insulin resistant men 4 hrs after consumption of meals high in saturated FA (SFA), monounsaturated FA (MUFA), or polyunsaturated FA (PUFA). Results provide insight into mechanisms underlying effects of FA composition on SM FA handling and insulin sensitivity.
 CD43+/41+/235+ iPSC-derived progenitor cells with germ-line trisomy 21 Analysis of sorted CD43+/41+/235+ progenitors generated from trisomy 21 (T21) induced pluripotent stem cell (iPSC) lines. Down syndrome (DS, trisomy 21) affects many tissues, including blood, particularly during embryogenesis. Results provide insight into T21 effect on embryonic hematopoiesis.
 Rapamycin-resistant diffuse large B-cell lymphoma cell lines Analysis of diffuse large B-cell lymphoma (DLBCL) cell lines resistant to rapamycin, the prototypical mTOR (mammalian Target Of Rapamycin) inhibitor. The mTOR pathway is constitutively activated in DLBCL. Results provide insight into mechanisms of resistance to mTOR inhibition in DLBCL.
 ZNF750 silencing effect on differentiated keratinocytes Analysis of ZNF750-silenced HaCaT keratinocytes (KCs) at day 12 of calcium-induced differentiation. ZNF750 knockdown in HaCaT KCs leads to sustained cell proliferation and decreased apoptosis. Results provide insight into molecular mechanisms underlying keratinocyte terminal differentiation.
 Squamous cell carcinoma of the tongue: tumors and histologically normal surgical margins Analysis of oral carcinoma, histologically normal margins, and adjacent normal tissues from patients with squamous cell carcinoma (OSCC) of the tongue (training set). Results provide insight into molecular signature in histologically normal margins that is predictive of oral carcinoma recurrence.
 HER2 and MYC overexpression effect on MCF10A-immortalized breast epithelial cell line Analysis of MCF10A cells overexpressing the HER2 and MYC oncoproteins. HER2 and MYC are commonly co-amplified in breast cancer and associated with an aggressive phenotype. Results provide insight into the molecular basis of HER2 and MYC cooperation in the development of aggressive tumors.
 Mycobacterium tuberculosis H37Rv-infected macrophages response to vitamin D Analysis of Mtb H37Rv-infected THP-1 macrophages treated with the hormonal form of vitamin D (1,25D). Macrophages are the primary site of Mtb infection and are sites of 1,25D signaling. Results provide insight into the molecular basis of the 1,25D-enhanced macrophage response to Mtb infection.
 Human polyomavirus JC virus (JCV) infection of clonal immortalized glial SVG cells Analysis of fetal glial cell line SVG-derived clones 10B1 and 5F4 following infection with JCV. Clone SVG-5F4 shows low levels of viral growth, whereas clone SVG-10B1 is highly permissive to JCV infection. Results provide insight into cell type differences in JCV host range and pathogenesis.
 Type 2 diabetic and hyperglycemic pancreatic islets Analysis of pancreatic islets from type 2 diabetes (T2D) and non-diabetic cadaver donors. Glycemic control (HbA1c) levels also measured from the same individuals (normoglycemic: HbA1c   6%; hyperglycemic: HbA1c ≥ 6%). Results provided insight into molecular basis of islet dysfunction in T2D.
 Small molecule KY02111 effect on induced pluripotent stem cell line IMR90-1: time course Analysis of IMR90-1 iPSCs cultured in cardiac differentiation medium containing serum for 3 days, then treated with KY02111 for up to 24 hrs. KY02111 promotes differentiation of PSCs to cardiomyocytes. Results provide insight into molecular basis of KY02111-induced cardiac differentiation of PSCs.
 Inherited dilated cardiomyopathy patient-specific induced pluripotent stem cells Analysis of iPSCs derived from skin fibroblasts of Dilated Cardiomyopathy (DCM) family members carrying point mutation R173W in the sarcomeric protein cardiac troponin T (TNNT2) gene. Results provide insight into the molecular mechanisms underlying familial dilated cardiomyopathy.
 Intraportal tacrolimus flushing effect on liver allograft Analysis of wedge biopsies from hepatic allografts perfused intraportally with tacrolimus before transplantation. Tacrolimus, a calcineurin inhibitor, ameliorates ischemic reperfusion injury. Results provide insight into the effect of tacrolimus on the inflammatory response of the donor graft.
 Acute Picornavirus-induced exacerbation in asthmatic children: nasal lavage cells Analysis of paired nasal lavage samples obtained from asthmatic children during an acute Picornavirus-induced asthma exacerbation in vivo and 7-14 days later. Severe episodes can be life-threatening. Results provide insight into molecular mechanisms underlying virus-induced asthma exacerbations.
 Turner syndrome amniocyte derived-induced pluripotent stem cells Analysis of induced pluripotent stem cells (iPSCs) derived from monosomy X (Turner syndrome (TS)) amniocytes. TS derived-iPSCs facilitate modeling of aneuploidy-related abnormal early development. Results provide insight into the molecular mechanisms underlying aneuploid syndromes.
 Parkin expression in parkin-deficient U87MG glioma cells Analysis of U87MG glioma cells stably expressing parkin or vector alone. Parkin expression is dramatically reduced in glioma cells. Parkin mutations are a major cause of parkinsonism. Results provide insight into tumor suppressor function of parkin in brain tumors.
 Expression profile of breast cancer cells BT474 grown as xenografts in the presence or absence of SHP2 for 30 days   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Expression profile of breast cancer cells BT474 grown as xenografts in the presence or absence of SHP2 for 30 days br / Number of assays: 16 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Gene 1.0 ST Array [HuGene-1\ 0-st-v1] br / Experimental factors: Genotype br / Last update: 18-08-2015 br / 
 Gene expression underlying estrogen receptor activation versus inhibition in breast cancer cells   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Gene expression underlying estrogen receptor activation versus inhibition in breast cancer cells br / Number of assays: 20 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Gene 1.0 ST Array [HuGene-1\ 0-st-v1] br / Experimental factors: Compound, Disease br / Last update: 18-08-2015 br / 
 Transcription profiling of human primary osteoblasts to study the effect of direct or indirect co-culture with human umbilical vein endothelial cells   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling of human primary osteoblasts to study the effect of direct or indirect co-culture with human umbilical vein endothelial cells br / Number of assays: 9 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Gene 1.0 ST Array [HuGene-1\ 0-st-v1] br / Experimental factors: Growth Condition br / Last update: 04-01-2016 br / 
 FZD7 Plays a Critical Role in Triple Negative Breast Cancer Proliferation   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: FZD7 Plays a Critical Role in Triple Negative Breast Cancer Proliferation br / Number of assays: 19 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Gene 1.0 ST Array [HuGene-1\ 0-st-v1] br / Experimental factors: Clinical Information br / Last update: 12-08-2015 br / 
 Expression data from MTDH knockdown in the Hec50co endometrial cancer cell line   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Expression data from MTDH knockdown in the Hec50co endometrial cancer cell line br / Number of assays: 6 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Gene 1.0 ST Array [HuGene-1\ 0-st-v1] br / Experimental factors: Genotype br / Last update: 12-08-2015 br / 
 Genes affected by Ret activation during estrogen stimulation or inhibition in MCF7/Aro cells   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Genes affected by Ret activation during estrogen stimulation or inhibition in MCF7/Aro cells br / Number of assays: 24 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Gene 1.0 ST Array [HuGene-1\ 0-st-v1] br / Experimental factors: Compound br / Last update: 08-07-2015 br / 
 Primary TNBC tumor in the presence or absence of SHP2   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Primary TNBC tumor in the presence or absence of SHP2 br / Number of assays: 12 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Gene 1.0 ST Array [HuGene-1\ 0-st-v1] br / Experimental factors: Genotype br / Last update: 18-08-2015 br / 
 Gene expression profiles of MCF7 with CARM1 knocked down   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Gene expression profiles of MCF7 with CARM1 knocked down br / Number of assays: 12 br / Technology: Agilent Whole Human Genome Microarray 4x44K 014850 G4112F (85 Cols x 532 Rows) br / Experimental factors: Compound, Phenotype, Time br / Last update: 12-08-2015 br / 
 Gene expression from human fibroblasts   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Gene expression from human fibroblasts br / Number of assays: 6 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Gene 1.0 ST Array [HuGene-1\ 0-st-v1] br / Experimental factors: Cell Type br / Last update: 20-07-2015 br / 
 Transcription and microRNA profiling of three types of breast tumors, benign fibroadenoma and fibroadenomatosis, and malignant breast carcinoma   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription and microRNA profiling of three types of breast tumors, benign fibroadenoma and fibroadenomatosis, and malignant breast carcinoma br / Number of assays: 53 br / Technology: Agilent Whole Human Genome Microarray 4x44K 014850 G4112F (85 Cols x 532 Rows) br / Experimental factors: Disease br / Last update: 27-08-2015 br / 
 Expression data from MDA-MB-231 cell line treated with Zoledronate, or Fluvastatin, or mock-treated control cells   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Expression data from MDA-MB-231 cell line treated with Zoledronate, or Fluvastatin, or mock-treated control cells br / Number of assays: 40 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Gene 1.0 ST Array [HuGene-1\ 0-st-v1] br / Experimental factors: Clinical History, Compound, Time br / Last update: 18-08-2015 br / 
 Transcription profiling by array of left ventricle biopsies from diabetic and non diabetic patients affected by post-ischemic heart failure against samples from healthy controls   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling by array of left ventricle biopsies from diabetic and non diabetic patients affected by post-ischemic heart failure against samples from healthy controls br / Number of assays: 22 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Gene 1.0 ST Array [HuGene-1\ 0-st-v1] br / Experimental factors: Disease br / Last update: 29-07-2015 br / 
 Transcription profiling by array of bronchial epithelial cells from severe asthmatic, mild-moderate asthmatic and non-asthmatic patients   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling by array of bronchial epithelial cells from severe asthmatic, mild-moderate asthmatic and non-asthmatic patients br / Number of assays: 155 br / Technology: Agilent Whole Human Genome Microarray 4x44K 014850 G4112F (85 Cols x 532 Rows) br / Experimental factors: Disease br / Last update: 01-12-2014 br / 
 Breast cancer cell lines - palmitate vs control   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Breast cancer cell lines - palmitate vs control br / Number of assays: 6 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Gene 1.0 ST Array [HuGene-1\ 0-st-v1] br / Experimental factors: Cell Line, Compound br / Last update: 03-07-2014 br / 
 Transcription profiling of siRNA knockdown of nucleosome remodeler SNF2L in HeLa cells   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling of siRNA knockdown of nucleosome remodeler SNF2L in HeLa cells br / Number of assays: 12 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Gene 1.0 ST Array [HuGene-1\ 0-st-v1] br / Experimental factors: RNA Interference, Block br / Last update: 18-08-2015 br / 
 Transcription profiling by array of HaCaT cells transfected with HPV11 HPV16 or HPV45 genome   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling by array of HaCaT cells transfected with HPV11 HPV16 or HPV45 genome br / Number of assays: 9 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Gene 1.0 ST Array [HuGene-1\ 0-st-v1] br / Experimental factors: Genotype br / Last update: 23-10-2015 br / 
 Transcriptome of HEK293 cells (HEK293-CT) and HEK293 cells stably over-expressing the BAHD1 gene (HEK-BAHD1)   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcriptome of HEK293 cells (HEK293-CT) and HEK293 cells stably over-expressing the BAHD1 gene (HEK-BAHD1) br / Number of assays: 6 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Gene 1.0 ST Array [HuGene-1\ 0-st-v1] br / Experimental factors: Phenotype br / Last update: 07-04-2016 br / 
 Transcription profiling by array of whole blood from 7 healthy controls and 7 multiple sclerosis (MS) patients who improved their fatigue status after a program of physical exercise   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling by array of whole blood from 7 healthy controls and 7 multiple sclerosis (MS) patients who improved their fatigue status after a program of physical exercise br / Number of assays: 20 br / Technology: Agilent Whole Human Genome Microarray 4x44K 014850 G4112F (85 Cols x 532 Rows) br / Experimental factors: Disease, Treatment br / Last update: 21-11-2014 br / 
 Transcription profiling by array of A549 lung carcinoma cells expressing the transcription factor Nkx2-1   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling by array of A549 lung carcinoma cells expressing the transcription factor Nkx2-1 br / Number of assays: 6 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Gene 1.0 ST Array [HuGene-1\ 0-st-v1] br / Experimental factors: Genotype br / Last update: 03-07-2014 br / 
 The hypoxia-inducible transcription factor ZNF395 is controlled by I-kappaB kinase and activates genes involved in the innate immune response and cancer   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: The hypoxia-inducible transcription factor ZNF395 is controlled by I-kappaB kinase and activates genes involved in the innate immune response and cancer br / Number of assays: 7 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Gene 1.0 ST Array [HuGene-1\ 0-st-v1] br / Experimental factors: Compound br / Last update: 17-01-2015 br / 
 Gene expression data from 1833 cells and 1833 cells depleted of BACH1 mRNA expression   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Gene expression data from 1833 cells and 1833 cells depleted of BACH1 mRNA expression br / Number of assays: 6 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Gene 1.0 ST Array [HuGene-1\ 0-st-v1] br / Experimental factors: Treatment br / Last update: 18-06-2015 br / 
 Gene expression data from MCF-7 cells treated with Lacciac Acid A   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Gene expression data from MCF-7 cells treated with Lacciac Acid A br / Number of assays: 6 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Gene 1.0 ST Array [HuGene-1\ 0-st-v1] br / Experimental factors: Compound br / Last update: 16-06-2015 br / 
 Zinc finger nuclease knockouts of human ADP-glucokinase   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Zinc finger nuclease knockouts of human ADP-glucokinase br / Number of assays: 6 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Gene 1.0 ST Array [HuGene-1\ 0-st-v1] br / Experimental factors: Cell Line, Genotype br / Last update: 29-09-2015 br / 
 Expression data for Control and SMRT-Depleted MCF-7 Cells   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Expression data for Control and SMRT-Depleted MCF-7 Cells br / Number of assays: 24 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Gene 1.0 ST Array [HuGene-1\ 0-st-v1] br / Experimental factors: Compound, Genotype, Time br / Last update: 25-08-2015 br / 
 Biological and molecular characterization of CMA03/06, a newly established interleukin-6 independent variant of the CMA03 human myeloma cell line   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Biological and molecular characterization of CMA03/06, a newly established interleukin-6 independent variant of the CMA03 human myeloma cell line br / Number of assays: 9 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Gene 1.0 ST Array [HuGene-1\ 0-st-v1] br / Experimental factors: Cell Line, Growth Condition br / Last update: 10-12-2014 br / 
 Expression data from NSCs treated with REST inhibitor X5050   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Expression data from NSCs treated with REST inhibitor X5050 br / Number of assays: 6 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Gene 1.0 ST Array [HuGene-1\ 0-st-v1] br / Experimental factors: Compound br / Last update: 08-07-2015 br / 
 Gene expression alterations in human colon cancer xenograft treated with anti-VEGF antibody   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Gene expression alterations in human colon cancer xenograft treated with anti-VEGF antibody br / Number of assays: 6 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Gene 1.0 ST Array [HuGene-1\ 0-st-v1] br / Experimental factors: Compound br / Last update: 16-07-2015 br / 
 Expression profiling of normal and glioblastoma-derived neural stem cells   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Expression profiling of normal and glioblastoma-derived neural stem cells br / Number of assays: 38 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Exon 1.0 ST Array Version 2, [HuEx-1\ 0-st-v2] br / Experimental factors: Disease br / Last update: 04-09-2015 br / 
 A Splice Variant of HER2 Activates Key Signaling Cascades and Evokes Mammary Tumors and Metastases   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: A Splice Variant of HER2 Activates Key Signaling Cascades and Evokes Mammary Tumors and Metastases br / Number of assays: 9 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Gene 1.0 ST Array [HuGene-1\ 0-st-v1] br / Experimental factors: Phenotype br / Last update: 25-08-2015 br / 
 miR-148b modulates the expression of multiple genes   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: miR-148b modulates the expression of multiple genes br / Number of assays: 8 br / Technology: Agilent Whole Human Genome Microarray 4x44K 014850 G4112F (85 Cols x 532 Rows) br / Experimental factors: RNA Interference br / Last update: 12-08-2015 br / 
 Transcription profiling by array of kidney transplant patients after the exposure to angiontensin converting enzyme inhinitor or angiotensin receptor blocker   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling by array of kidney transplant patients after the exposure to angiontensin converting enzyme inhinitor or angiotensin receptor blocker br / Number of assays: 29 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Gene 1.0 ST Array [HuGene-1\ 0-st-v1] br / Experimental factors: Compound br / Last update: 09-11-2016 br / 
 Silica nanoparticles effects on gene expression of A549 cells   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Silica nanoparticles effects on gene expression of A549 cells br / Number of assays: 12 br / Technology: Agilent Whole Human Genome Microarray 4x44K 014850 G4112F (85 Cols x 532 Rows) br / Experimental factors: Compound, Time, Treatment br / Last update: 25-08-2015 br / 
 Expression profiling of cisplatin resistant cells derived from H460 lung cell line   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Expression profiling of cisplatin resistant cells derived from H460 lung cell line br / Number of assays: 6 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Gene 1.0 ST Array [HuGene-1\ 0-st-v1] br / Experimental factors: Phenotype br / Last update: 07-08-2015 br / 
 Gene expression profile of subcutaneous panniculitis-like T-cell Lymphoma   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Gene expression profile of subcutaneous panniculitis-like T-cell Lymphoma br / Number of assays: 11 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Exon 1.0 ST Array Version 2, [HuEx-1\ 0-st-v2] br / Experimental factors: Disease, Treatment br / Last update: 29-07-2015 br / 
 Analysis of gene expression changes in response to hypoxia and/or cisplatin in A2780 and A2780cis cells   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Analysis of gene expression changes in response to hypoxia and/or cisplatin in A2780 and A2780cis cells br / Number of assays: 24 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Gene 1.0 ST Array [HuGene-1\ 0-st-v1] br / Experimental factors: Cell Line, Compound, Growth Condition br / Last update: 14-07-2015 br / 
 Wheeler et al 2008 The association of genetic variation with disease and drug response, and improvements in nucleic acid technologies, have given great optimism for the impact of 'genomic medicine'. However, the formidable size of the diploid human genome, approximately 6 gigabases, has prevented the routine application of sequencing methods to deciphering complete individual human genomes. To realize the full potential of genomics for human health, this limitation must be overcome. Here we report the DNA sequence of a diploid genome of a single individual, James D. Watson, sequenced to 7.4-fold redundancy in two months using massively parallel sequencing in picolitre-size reaction vessels. This sequence was completed in two months at approximately one-hundredth of the cost of traditional capillary electrophoresis methods. Comparison of the sequence to the reference genome led to the identification of 3.3 million single nucleotide polymorphisms, of which 10,654 cause amino-acid substitution within the coding sequence. In addition, we accurately identified small-scale (2-40,000 base pair (bp)) insertion and deletion polymorphism as well as copy number variation resulting in the large-scale gain and loss of chromosomal segments ranging from 26,000 to 1.5 million base pairs. Overall, these results agree well with recent results of sequencing of a single individual by traditional methods. However, in addition to being faster and significantly less expensive, this sequencing technology avoids the arbitrary loss of genomic sequences inherent in random shotgun sequencing by bacterial cloning because it amplifies DNA in a cell-free system. As a result, we further demonstrate the acquisition of novel human sequence, including novel genes not previously identified by traditional genomic sequencing. This is the first genome sequenced by next-generation technologies. Therefore it is a pilot for the future challenges of 'personalized genome sequencing'.
 E-GEOD-30040 - Expression data from feline liver tissue This study looks at the effect of dietary manipulation on the development of hepatic steatosis and changes in hepatic gene expression in a feline model.     We used microarray analysis to examine changes in hepatic gene transcription in response to Trans fat, High Fructose Corn Syrup  (HFCS) and/or Monosodium Glutamate (MSG) in the domestic cat.     The use of human Affymetrix arrays for the study of feline gene expression has previously been validated by Dowling and Bienzle, 2005, Journal of  General  Virology.     86(Pt 8), 2239-48 (PMID 16033971). Our study animals were bred from female Felis catus previously placed on one of 4 different dietary regimens for a period of 3 weeks prior to mating.     The four dietary regimens used in this study were: [1] Standard Chow Control feline diet (Test Diet Purina catalog #5003); [2] MSG diet consisting of Control diet with 1.125% added Monosodium Glutamate (Diet A: Test Diet Purina catalog #5C1J); [3] Trans-fat/HFCS diet, containing  8.6% Trans fat and 24% HFCS (Diet B: Test Diet Purina catalog #5B4K); and [4] Trans-fat/HFCS and MSG diet, containing 8.6% Trans fat, 24% HFCS and 1.125% MSG (Diet C: Test Diet Purina catalog #5C1H). Following mating, the 4 groups of dams were maintained on their respective diets throughout the gestation and nursing period.     Male offspring used in the following experiments were  weaned onto the same diets and maintained on their respective dietary regimens until they reached 9 months of age.     Hepatic  tissues (4-5 per diet group) were used for RNA extraction and hybridization on Affymetrix microarrays.
 E-GEOD-15626 - Using high-density exon arrays to profile gene expression in closely related species (Exon 1.0 ST) Global comparisons of gene expression profiles between species provide significant insight into gene regulation, evolutionary processes, and disease mechanisms.     In this work, we describe a flexible and intuitive approach for global expression profiling of closely related species, using high-density exon arrays designed for a single reference genome.     The high-density probe coverage of exon arrays allows us to select the identical set of perfect-match probes for measuring expression levels of orthologous genes.     This eliminates a serious confounding factor in probe affinity effects of species-specific microarray probes, and enables direct comparisons of estimated expression indexes across species.      Keywords: analysis of gene expression in tissues We conducted Human Exon 1.0 array profiling of RNAs from three chimpanzee cerebellums and three chimpanzee livers
 Fibroblast response to coculture with basal breast cancer cells Analysis of fibroblasts (HFF1, HFF2, Wi38, CCD1112Sk) and breast cancer epithelial cells (Cal51, MDA-MB-231) FACS-sorted from 6-day cocultures. Cancer-associated fibroblasts can promote tumor formation and growth. Results provide insight into tumor-fibroblast interactions involved in tumorigenicity.
 U373MG glioblastoma cell line response to 3 anti-cancer 1,2,3,4-tetrahydroisoquinoline alkaloids Analysis of U373MG glioblastoma cells treated 24 hrs with DMSO or IC50 concentrations of anti-cancer compounds ecteinascidin-770 (ET-770), ET-770 derivative (ET-770-DR) or renieramycin M (RM). Results provide insight into pathways responsible for cytotoxic effects of compounds on glioblastoma.
 Pandemic and seasonal influenza A H1N1 infection of differentiated type I-like alveolar epithelial cells in vitro Analysis of type I-like alveolar epithelial cells infected with pandemic influenza H1N1 (pdmH1N1) or seasonal H1N1. Type I alveolar epithelial cells are a key target cell in pdmH1N1 pneumonia. Results provide insight into molecular mechanisms underlying host responses induced by H1N1 infections.
 Saracatinib-sensitive versus -resistant, PIK3CA mutant colorectal cancer xenografts Analysis of patient-derived colorectal cancer (CRC) xenografts with a PIK3CA mutation with enhanced sensitivity to Src inhibitor saracatinib. Dysregulation of Src and PI3K (phosphoinositide 3-kinase) signaling pathways is common in CRC. Results provide insight into CRC model response to saracatinib.
 Barrett esophagus: endoscopic biopsies Analysis of endoscopic biopsies of Barrett's esophagus (BE), normal adjacent epithelia gastric cardia, and normal squamous esophagus. BE is a metaplastic condition and precursor to esophageal adenocarcinoma. Results provide insight molecular mechanisms underlying early stages of BE.
 Staphylococcal alpha-toxin effect on airway epithelial cells Analysis of bronchial epithelial cell lines 16HBE14o- (Hla-susceptible) and S9 (Hla-resistant) treated with S. aureus recombinant alpha-toxin (rHla) for 2 hrs. Results provide insight into molecular mechanisms underlying cell type-specific responses of airway epithelial cells to alpha-toxin.
 Long-term octreotide treatment of neuroendocrine tumor cell line CNDT2.5 Analysis of ileum neuroendocrine tumor (NET) cell line CNDT2.5 treated with octreotide for up to 16 months. Somatostain analog octreotide is used to treat NET patients. Results provided insight into molecular basis of successful octreotide therapy or the development of drug resistance in NETs.
 Interleukin-3 effect on acute myeloid leukemia patient mononuclear cells: time course Analysis of mononuclear cells from acute myeloid leukemia patients (AML 1-4) cultured in the presence of interleukin-3 (IL-3) for up to 16hrs. The overexpression of IL-3Rα in AML has been associated with reduced overall survival. Results provide insight into the role of IL-3 signaling in AML.
 Exercise training effect on metabolic syndrome patients: vastus lateralis muscle Analysis of skeletal muscle from metabolic syndrome (MS) female patients before and after 6 months of exercise training. MS is associated with insulin resistance. Results provide insight into the molecular mechanisms underlying insulin-resistant skeletal muscle in MS patients.
 CD138- and CD138+ MACS-sorted myeloma cell lines Analysis of CD138+ and CD138− cells isolated from 8 multiple myeloma (MM) cell lines. The CD138- fraction is thought to represent MM stem cells.  Results provide insight into the molecular bases of the CD138-/+ fractions of the MM cell lines.
 Fibroblast growth factor receptor inhibition effect on malignant urothelial cells deficient in TGFβ-activated kinase 1 Analysis of fibroblast growth factor receptor 3 (FGFR3)-positive, MGHU3 (Y375C) bladder cancer cells depleted for TGFβ-activated kinase 1 (TAK1) then treated with FGFR-specific PD173074 inhibitor. Results provide insight into the integration of TAK1 and FGFR3 signaling in bladder cancer.
 Lung epithelium cell line response to Influenza A virus (H3N2) non-structural 1 gene mutations Analysis of A549 cells infected with H3N2 influenza isolate A/Hong Kong/1/1968 (HK-wt) or recombinant HK NS1 mutants. NS1 is a multifunctional virulence factor. These results, together with those from GDS4998, provide insight into molecular effects of NS1 mutation on human versus mouse host cells.
 Insulin-Producing Cells generated from dedifferentiated pancreatic islet cells expanded in vitro Analysis of insulin-producing cells generated from expanded dedifferentiated islet cells induced with Redifferentiation Cocktail (RC). Results provide insight into molecular mechanisms underlying RC-induced phenotypic change in expanded islet cells towards the phenotype of uncultured islet cells.
 Cancer stem cell population in highly metastatic variants of MDA-MB-231 breast cancer cell line Analysis of CD24-/CD44+/ESA+ cancer stem cells from MDA-MB-231 breast cancer (BC) cell line and its highly metastatic variants 231BoM-1833 and 231BrM-2a. The majority of BC deaths are attributed to metastatic disease. Results provide insight into the molecular basis of metastatic progression.
 Heritable pulmonary arterial hypertension: cardiac right ventricular wall Analysis of biopsies of right ventricle (RV) from patients with pulmonary arterial hypertension (PAH) with bone morphogenetic protein receptor type II (BMPR2) mutation. Results provide insight into molecular mechanisms underlying the metabolic effects of mutant BMPR2 in PAH RVs.
 Androgen effect on runt-related transcription factor 1-deficient prostate cancer cell line Analysis of androgen receptor (AR)-positive prostate cancer (PC) LNCaP cells depleted for runt-related transcription factor (RUNX1) by siRUNX1 transfection then treated with 10nM dihydrotestosterone (DHT). Results provide insight into the role of RUNX1 in AR-dependent PC.
 Epidermal keratinocyte differentiation in vitro Analysis of neonatal epidermal keratinocytes treated with 1.8 mM calcium for up to 48 hours. Results provide insight into the molecular mechanisms underlying the differentiation of epidermal keratinocytes.
 RB1-depleted osteoblast response to ionizing radiation: time course Analysis of RB1-depleted primary osteoblasts exposed to 4 Gy of ionizing radiation (IR) for up to 24 hours. IR exposure and germline mutations in RB1 are risk factors for developing osteosarcoma. Results provide insight into the role of RB1 in the response of osteoblasts to IR.
 SMRT depleted breast cancer cell line response to estradiol: time course Analysis of ER-alpha+ MCF7 breast cancer cells depleted for the silencing mediator of retinoic acid and thyroid hormone receptor (SMRT). SMRT depleted cells examined 4 and 24 hours following treatment with estradiol. Results provide insight into the role of SMRT in breast cancer progression.
 Interleukin-21 effect on STAT3-deficient naïve B cells from autosomal dominant hyper IgE syndrome patients Analysis of naïve B cells purified from peripheral blood of AD-HIES patients with STAT3 loss-of-function mutation and then cultured with CD40 ligand alone or together with interleukin-21. Results provide insight into IL-21R/STAT3 signaling induced genes underlying naïve B cell differentiation.
 Carotid artery atheroma Analysis of carotid artery atheromatous plaques from hypertensive patients. Atheromas are fatty deposits in the walls of arteries. Results provide insight into the molecular pathogenesis of atheroma.
 phs000722.v1.p1 - DFCI Colorectal Cancer Cohorts   dbGaP Study Information:       Type of study: Case Set, Tumor vs. Matched-Normal   Study design: Tumor vs. Matched-Normal     br / Number of documents: 0   Number of variables: 10   Number of participants: 185   Number of analyses: 0     br / Projects in this study:   National Human Genome Research Institute    Diseases:   Colorectal Neoplasms   Colorectal Neoplasms    Tumor type: germline, tumor.     br / Technology used in this study:   Illumina HiSeq 2000   Agilent SureSelect Human All Exon v.2 Kit       Assay types used:   Whole Exome (NGS)   SNV Aggregate (.MAF)       
 phs000806.v1.p1 - MIGen ExS: Ottawa Heart Study   dbGaP Study Information:       Type of study: Case-Control, Cross-Sectional   Study design: Case-Control     br / Number of documents: 0   Number of variables: 10   Number of participants: 1968   Number of analyses: 0     br / Projects in this study:   National Heart, Lung, Blood Institute      br / Technology used in this study:   Illumina HiSeq 2000   Illumina HiSeq 2500   Agilent SureSelect Human All Exon v.2 Kit       Assay types used:   SNP/CNV Genotypes (NGS)   Whole Exome (NGS)       
 phs001074.v1.p1 - GeneSTAR NextGen Functional Genomics of Platelet Aggregation   dbGaP Study Information:       Type of study: Longitudinal Cohort, Family   Study design: Prospective Longitudinal Cohort     br / Number of documents: 10   Number of variables: 125   Number of participants: 250   Number of analyses: 0     br / Projects in this study:   National Heart, Lung, Blood Institute    Diseases:   Platelet Aggregation   Blood Physiological Phenomena   Cardiovascular Physiological Phenomena   Platelet Aggregation      br / Technology used in this study:   Illumina Human1Mv1\ C   Illumina Human Exome BeadChip v1.2   Illumina Infinium Multi-Ethnic Genotyping Array (MEGA)       Assay types used:   SNP Genotypes    
 phs000239.v2.p1 - Genome, Epigenome and RNA Sequences of MZ Twins Discordant for MS   dbGaP Study Information:       Type of study: Case-Control, Monozygotic Twins   Study design: Family/Twin/Trios     br / Number of documents: 0   Number of variables: 17   Number of participants: 6   Number of analyses: 0     br / Projects in this study:   National Center for Genome Resources (NCGR)    Diseases:   Multiple Sclerosis   Lung Neoplasms   Breast Neoplasms   Multiple Sclerosis      br / Technology used in this study:   Illumina Genome Analyzer II   Affymetrix AFFY\ 6.0   Affymetrix GeneChip Human Exon 1.0 ST Array       Assay types used:   Methylome sequencing   Whole Genome (NGS)   RNA Seq (NGS)       
 phs001256.v1.p1 - Hypoplastic Left Heart Syndrome Study   dbGaP Study Information:       Type of study: Case-Control   Study design: Case-Control     br / Number of documents: 0   Number of variables: 18   Number of participants: 68   Number of analyses: 0     br / Projects in this study:   National Heart, Lung, Blood Institute    Diseases:   Hypoplastic Left Heart Syndrome   Hypoplastic Left Heart Syndrome    Tumor type: germline, unspecified.     br / Technology used in this study:   Illumina HiSeq 2500   Roche NimbleGen SeqCap EZ Human Exome Library v2.0   BGI Americas HiSeq2000       Assay types used:   Whole Exome    
 Identification of differentially expressed genes due to LBH589 treatment in aromatase inhibitor-resistant tumors   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Identification of differentially expressed genes due to LBH589 treatment in aromatase inhibitor-resistant tumors br / Number of assays: 6 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Gene 1.0 ST Array [HuGene-1\ 0-st-v1] br / Experimental factors: Compound br / Last update: 13-07-2015 br / 
 Transcriptional and epigenetic basis for restoration of G6PD enzymatic activity in human G6PD-deficient cells   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcriptional and epigenetic basis for restoration of G6PD enzymatic activity in human G6PD-deficient cells br / Number of assays: 6 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Gene 1.0 ST Array [HuGene-1\ 0-st-v1] br / Experimental factors: Compound, Time br / Last update: 03-07-2014 br / 
 Genome-wide analysis of mRNA expression alterations in human primary hepatocytes compared with cAMP treated and non-treated human embryonic stem cell (hESC) derived hepatic populations   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Genome-wide analysis of mRNA expression alterations in human primary hepatocytes compared with cAMP treated and non-treated human embryonic stem cell (hESC) derived hepatic populations br / Number of assays: 9 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Gene 1.0 ST Array [HuGene-1\ 0-st-v1] br / Experimental factors: Cell Type, Compound br / Last update: 08-07-2015 br / 
 Transcription profiling of primary oral mucosa from oral lichen planus patients and healthy individuals   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling of primary oral mucosa from oral lichen planus patients and healthy individuals br / Number of assays: 14 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Gene 1.0 ST Array [HuGene-1\ 0-st-v1] br / Experimental factors: Disease br / Last update: 16-05-2016 br / 
 HOXA9 transcriptomic analysis in GBM cell lines (U87MG, U251 and primary GBML18) and in immortalized human astrocytes (hTERT/E6/E7)   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: HOXA9 transcriptomic analysis in GBM cell lines (U87MG, U251 and primary GBML18) and in immortalized human astrocytes (hTERT/E6/E7) br / Number of assays: 28 br / Technology: Agilent Whole Human Genome Microarray 4x44K 014850 G4112F (85 Cols x 532 Rows) br / Experimental factors: RNA Interference, Cell Line, Phenotype br / Last update: 25-08-2015 br / 
 Changes in global gene expression in lung cancer cell lines A549 (A) and HTB56 (H) [Affymetrix microarrays]   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Changes in global gene expression in lung cancer cell lines A549 (A) and HTB56 (H) [Affymetrix microarrays] br / Number of assays: 12 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Gene 1.0 ST Array [HuGene-1\ 0-st-v1] br / Experimental factors: Cell Line, Phenotype br / Last update: 26-08-2015 br / 
 Gene expression profiling of lung cancer cells transfected with scrambled siRNA and siRNA targeting the ETS2 gene   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Gene expression profiling of lung cancer cells transfected with scrambled siRNA and siRNA targeting the ETS2 gene br / Number of assays: 6 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Gene 1.0 ST Array [HuGene-1\ 0-st-v1] br / Experimental factors: RNA Interference br / Last update: 13-01-2015 br / 
 Microarray analysis of gene expression profiles in response to tomato leaves extract treatment in MCF-7 breast cancer cells   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Microarray analysis of gene expression profiles in response to tomato leaves extract treatment in MCF-7 breast cancer cells br / Number of assays: 6 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Gene 1.0 ST Array [HuGene-1\ 0-st-v1] br / Experimental factors: Time, Treatment br / Last update: 17-08-2015 br / 
 The gene expression profile of peripheral blood mononuclear cells (PBMCs) of infants (6 to 11 months) immunized with an inactivated EV71 vaccine or placebo   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: The gene expression profile of peripheral blood mononuclear cells (PBMCs) of infants (6 to 11 months) immunized with an inactivated EV71 vaccine or placebo br / Number of assays: 20 br / Technology: Agilent Whole Human Genome Microarray 4x44K 014850 G4112F (85 Cols x 532 Rows) br / Experimental factors: Compound br / Last update: 27-07-2015 br / 
 Transcription profiling by array of TET2 wild type and TET2 mutant patients with diffuse large B-cell derived lymphoma   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling by array of TET2 wild type and TET2 mutant patients with diffuse large B-cell derived lymphoma br / Number of assays: 9 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Gene 1.0 ST Array [HuGene-1\ 0-st-v1] br / Experimental factors: Genotype br / Last update: 07-11-2014 br / 
 Claudin 1 mediates TNF alpha-induced gene expression and cell migration in human lung carcinoma cells   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Claudin 1 mediates TNF alpha-induced gene expression and cell migration in human lung carcinoma cells br / Number of assays: 12 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Gene 1.0 ST Array [HuGene-1\ 0-st-v1] br / Experimental factors: RNA Interference, Treatment br / Last update: 17-08-2015 br / 
 Development of gene expression signatures for ANP in HUVEC   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Development of gene expression signatures for ANP in HUVEC br / Number of assays: 24 br / Technology: Agilent Whole Human Genome Microarray 4x44K 014850 G4112F (85 Cols x 532 Rows) br / Experimental factors: Compound, Time br / Last update: 04-08-2015 br / 
 Expression data from serum-starved human umbilical vein endothelial cells that have been treated with scrambled (scr) or Map4k4 siRNA to knock down genes of interest 48 hours prior to harvest   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Expression data from serum-starved human umbilical vein endothelial cells that have been treated with scrambled (scr) or Map4k4 siRNA to knock down genes of interest 48 hours prior to harvest br / Number of assays: 6 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Gene 1.0 ST Array [HuGene-1\ 0-st-v1] br / Experimental factors: Genotype br / Last update: 03-05-2016 br / 
 Gene expression data from SOX2 knock-out 2102Ep and NTera-2 human embryonal carcinoma cell lines   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Gene expression data from SOX2 knock-out 2102Ep and NTera-2 human embryonal carcinoma cell lines br / Number of assays: 12 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Gene 1.0 ST Array [HuGene-1\ 0-st-v1] br / Experimental factors: RNA Interference, Cell Line br / Last update: 05-09-2014 br / 
 Characterization of protoporphytin IX effects on X-ray irradiation in Hela cells in vitro   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Characterization of protoporphytin IX effects on X-ray irradiation in Hela cells in vitro br / Number of assays: 12 br / Technology: Agilent Whole Human Genome Microarray 4x44K 014850 G4112F (85 Cols x 532 Rows) br / Experimental factors: Compound br / Last update: 06-08-2015 br / 
 Expression data from knockdown of G9a in MDA-MB231 cells   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Expression data from knockdown of G9a in MDA-MB231 cells br / Number of assays: 6 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Gene 1.0 ST Array [HuGene-1\ 0-st-v1] br / Experimental factors: Genotype br / Last update: 18-08-2015 br / 
 Transcription profiling by array of three human cancer cell lines (H295R, HeLa and MCF-7her2) with and without treatment with histone deacetylase inhibitor LBH589 (panobinostat)   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling by array of three human cancer cell lines (H295R, HeLa and MCF-7her2) with and without treatment with histone deacetylase inhibitor LBH589 (panobinostat) br / Number of assays: 18 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Gene 1.0 ST Array [HuGene-1\ 0-st-v1] br / Experimental factors: Cell Line, Compound br / Last update: 16-03-2015 br / 
 Transcription profiling by array of human neuroblastoma BE(2)-C cells with shRNA knockdown of MEIS2 against wild type controls to study the role of MEIS2 in tumorigenesis   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling by array of human neuroblastoma BE(2)-C cells with shRNA knockdown of MEIS2 against wild type controls to study the role of MEIS2 in tumorigenesis br / Number of assays: 6 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Gene 1.0 ST Array [HuGene-1\ 0-st-v1] br / Experimental factors: RNA Interference br / Last update: 16-03-2015 br / 
 DNA Methylation Profiling of Glioblastoma: Impact on Gene Expression and Clinical Outcome (Agilent Expression Study)   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: DNA Methylation Profiling of Glioblastoma: Impact on Gene Expression and Clinical Outcome (Agilent Expression Study) br / Number of assays: 46 br / Technology: Agilent Whole Human Genome Microarray 4x44K 014850 G4112F (85 Cols x 532 Rows) br / Experimental factors: Block, Disease br / Last update: 07-08-2015 br / 
 Resveratrol induces downregulation of DNA repair genes in MCF7 human breast cancer cells   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Resveratrol induces downregulation of DNA repair genes in MCF7 human breast cancer cells br / Number of assays: 9 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Gene 1.0 ST Array [HuGene-1\ 0-st-v1] br / Experimental factors: Compound br / Last update: 12-08-2015 br / 
 Gene expression profiling of invasive breast cancer events from the tamoxifen prevention trial   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Gene expression profiling of invasive breast cancer events from the tamoxifen prevention trial br / Number of assays: 105 br / Technology: Agilent Whole Human Genome Microarray 4x44K 014850 G4112F (85 Cols x 532 Rows) br / Experimental factors: Clinical Information, Histology, Treatment br / Last update: 06-08-2015 br / 
 Transcription profiling by arrayof HCT116 cells after stimulation with oncostatin M (OSM) against untreated controls to study the role of OSM in intestinal inflammation   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling by arrayof HCT116 cells after stimulation with oncostatin M (OSM) against untreated controls to study the role of OSM in intestinal inflammation br / Number of assays: 8 br / Technology: Agilent Whole Human Genome Microarray 4x44K 014850 G4112F (85 Cols x 532 Rows) br / Experimental factors: Compound br / Last update: 05-01-2015 br / 
 Gene expression profiling of lung adenocarcinomas and normal lung tissue   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Gene expression profiling of lung adenocarcinomas and normal lung tissue br / Number of assays: 109 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Gene 1.0 ST Array [HuGene-1\ 0-st-v1] br / Experimental factors: Clinical Information, Disease br / Last update: 19-08-2015 br / 
 Transcription profiling by array of RNA from inflamed and non-inflamed colonic mucosa   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling by array of RNA from inflamed and non-inflamed colonic mucosa br / Number of assays: 58 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Gene 1.0 ST Array [HuGene-1\ 0-st-v1] br / Experimental factors: Disease, Phenotype br / Last update: 29-07-2015 br / 
 VEGF189 overexpression in breast cancer cells delays metastasis   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: VEGF189 overexpression in breast cancer cells delays metastasis br / Number of assays: 12 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Gene 1.0 ST Array [HuGene-1\ 0-st-v1] br / Experimental factors: Disease, Genotype br / Last update: 18-08-2015 br / 
 Transcription profiling by array of four human breast cancer cell lines treated with protein kinase C (PKC)-activator Phorbol 12-myristate 13-acetate (PMA) to study the signalling pathway leading to L-plastin Ser5 phosphorylation which was shown to be crucial for invasion and metastasis   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling by array of four human breast cancer cell lines treated with protein kinase C (PKC)-activator Phorbol 12-myristate 13-acetate (PMA) to study the signalling pathway leading to L-plastin Ser5 phosphorylation which was shown to be crucial for invasion and metastasis br / Number of assays: 12 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Gene 1.0 ST Array [HuGene-1\ 0-st-v1] br / Experimental factors: Cell Line, Compound br / Last update: 10-04-2015 br / 
 Mutant p53 Disrupts Mammary Acinar Morphogenesis via the Mevalonate Pathway   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Mutant p53 Disrupts Mammary Acinar Morphogenesis via the Mevalonate Pathway br / Number of assays: 6 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Gene 1.0 ST Array [HuGene-1\ 0-st-v1] br / Experimental factors: Treatment br / Last update: 17-08-2015 br / 
 Transcription profiling by array of human gastric cancer cell line AZ-521 with or without doxycycline-induced expresson of dominant-negative Sox2 to study tumorigenic potential of Sox2 in gastric cancer cells   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling by array of human gastric cancer cell line AZ-521 with or without doxycycline-induced expresson of dominant-negative Sox2 to study tumorigenic potential of Sox2 in gastric cancer cells br / Number of assays: 12 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Gene 1.0 ST Array [HuGene-1\ 0-st-v1] br / Experimental factors: Phenotype, Time br / Last update: 01-05-2015 br / 
 Expression data from TGFBR3 controls and TGFBR3 knockdown of SUM159 3D cultures   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Expression data from TGFBR3 controls and TGFBR3 knockdown of SUM159 3D cultures br / Number of assays: 6 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Gene 1.0 ST Array [HuGene-1\ 0-st-v1] br / Experimental factors: Genotype br / Last update: 18-06-2015 br / 
 Transcription profiling by array of human fibroblast cell line WI38 expressing shCt or shUbc9 to analyse transcriptionnal changes in cells were sumoylation pathway is inactivated   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling by array of human fibroblast cell line WI38 expressing shCt or shUbc9 to analyse transcriptionnal changes in cells were sumoylation pathway is inactivated br / Number of assays: 6 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Gene 1.0 ST Array [HuGene-1\ 0-st-v1] br / Experimental factors: RNA Interference br / Last update: 22-10-2015 br / 
 Expression data from BRAFV600E A375 melanoma cells treated with vehicle or vemurafenib   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Expression data from BRAFV600E A375 melanoma cells treated with vehicle or vemurafenib br / Number of assays: 6 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Gene 1.0 ST Array [HuGene-1\ 0-st-v1] br / Experimental factors: Compound br / Last update: 25-08-2015 br / 
 Transcription profiling by array of monocyte-derived dendritic cells stimulated by intracellular bacteria (T. whipplei, B. abortus, C. burnetii, O. tsutsugamushi), lipopolysaccharide against unstimulated controls   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling by array of monocyte-derived dendritic cells stimulated by intracellular bacteria (T. whipplei, B. abortus, C. burnetii, O. tsutsugamushi), lipopolysaccharide against unstimulated controls br / Number of assays: 24 br / Technology: Agilent Whole Human Genome Microarray 4x44K 014850 G4112F (85 Cols x 532 Rows) br / Experimental factors: Stimulus br / Last update: 16-03-2015 br / 
 HIF-1 dependent gene expression upon S. aureus infection   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: HIF-1 dependent gene expression upon S. aureus infection br / Number of assays: 12 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Gene 1.0 ST Array [HuGene-1\ 0-st-v1] br / Experimental factors: Genotype, Infect br / Last update: 11-07-2015 br / 
 Transcription profiling by array of HUVEC cells after treatment with valproic acid   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling by array of HUVEC cells after treatment with valproic acid br / Number of assays: 10 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Gene 1.0 ST Array [HuGene-1\ 0-st-v1] br / Experimental factors: Compound br / Last update: 03-07-2014 br / 
 Expression Profiling of Inflammatory Breast Cancer Cells Treated with the Novel Histone Deacetylase Inhibitor, CG-1521   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Expression Profiling of Inflammatory Breast Cancer Cells Treated with the Novel Histone Deacetylase Inhibitor, CG-1521 br / Number of assays: 24 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Gene 1.0 ST Array [HuGene-1\ 0-st-v1] br / Experimental factors: Cell Line, Compound br / Last update: 12-08-2015 br / 
 Detection of potential neuroprotective changes at the molecular, anatomical and physiological level in identified human pyramidal cells in response to brain edema and increased intracranial pressure   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Detection of potential neuroprotective changes at the molecular, anatomical and physiological level in identified human pyramidal cells in response to brain edema and increased intracranial pressure br / Number of assays: 26 br / Technology: Agilent Whole Human Genome Microarray 4x44K 014850 G4112F (85 Cols x 532 Rows) br / Experimental factors: Clinical History br / Last update: 14-07-2015 br / 
 Host Regulatory Network Response in Calu-3 cell Infection with A/CA/04/2009 Influenza virus   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Host Regulatory Network Response in Calu-3 cell Infection with A/CA/04/2009 Influenza virus br / Number of assays: 54 br / Technology: Agilent Whole Human Genome Microarray 4x44K 014850 G4112F (85 Cols x 532 Rows) br / Experimental factors: Infect, Time br / Last update: 25-08-2015 br / 
 Whole genome expression profile of lung epithelial cells following chronic arsenic exposure   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Whole genome expression profile of lung epithelial cells following chronic arsenic exposure br / Number of assays: 7 br / Technology: Agilent Whole Human Genome Microarray 4x44K 014850 G4112F (85 Cols x 532 Rows) br / Experimental factors: Compound br / Last update: 17-08-2015 br / 
 Sarcoptes scabiei Mites Modulate Gene Expression In Human Skin Equivalents   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Sarcoptes scabiei Mites Modulate Gene Expression In Human Skin Equivalents br / Number of assays: 14 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Gene 1.0 ST Array [HuGene-1\ 0-st-v1] br / Experimental factors: Infect br / Last update: 15-07-2015 br / 
 Genomic characterization of ovarian cancer spheroids   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Genomic characterization of ovarian cancer spheroids br / Number of assays: 9 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Gene 1.0 ST Array [HuGene-1\ 0-st-v1] br / Experimental factors: Phenotype br / Last update: 31-07-2015 br / 
 Coexpression of CD49b and LAG-3 identifies human and mouse T regulatory type 1 cells   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Coexpression of CD49b and LAG-3 identifies human and mouse T regulatory type 1 cells br / Number of assays: 36 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Gene 1.0 ST Array [HuGene-1\ 0-st-v1] br / Experimental factors: Cell Type, Time, Treatment br / Last update: 31-07-2015 br / 
 Expression data from TGFbeta-treated control or aPKC silenced A549 cells   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Expression data from TGFbeta-treated control or aPKC silenced A549 cells br / Number of assays: 18 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Gene 1.0 ST Array [HuGene-1\ 0-st-v1] br / Experimental factors: Compound, Genotype, Time br / Last update: 12-08-2015 br / 
 Transcription profiling by array of Ras-induced human fibroblast cell line WI38 to analyse transcriptional changes in senescent cells   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Transcription profiling by array of Ras-induced human fibroblast cell line WI38 to analyse transcriptional changes in senescent cells br / Number of assays: 6 br / Technology: Affymetrix GeneChip Human Gene 1.0 ST Array [HuGene-1\ 0-st-v1] br / Experimental factors: Genotype br / Last update: 22-10-2015 br / 
 Characterization of Gene Expression in liver cell   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Characterization of Gene Expression in liver cell br / Number of assays: 6 br / Technology: Agilent Whole Human Genome Microarray 4x44K 014850 G4112F (85 Cols x 532 Rows) br / Experimental factors: Compound br / Last update: 27-07-2015 br / 
 Gene expression profiles of MCF7 with with the following NR ligands: estradiol/E2 (ERα agonist), AM580 (RARA agonist), CD437 (RARG agonist), ATRA (RARA/RARG agonist), GW0742 (PPARD agonist), R5020 (PGR agonist), and dexamethasone (GR/NR3C1 agonist)   Experiment Information:     br /  br / Description: Gene expression profiles of MCF7 with with the following NR ligands: estradiol/E2 (ERα agonist), AM580 (RARA agonist), CD437 (RARG agonist), ATRA (RARA/RARG agonist), GW0742 (PPARD agonist), R5020 (PGR agonist), and dexamethasone (GR/NR3C1 agonist) br / Number of assays: 33 br / Technology: Agilent Whole Human Genome Microarray 4x44K 014850 G4112F (85 Cols x 532 Rows) br / Experimental factors: Compound br / Last update: 25-08-2015 br / 
 phs000717.v1.p1 - Genomics of Circulating Tumor Cells   dbGaP Study Information:       Type of study: Case Set   Study design: Case Set     br / Number of documents: 0   Number of variables: 10   Number of participants: 2   Number of analyses: 0     br / Projects in this study:   National Cancer Institute    Diseases:   Prostatic Neoplasms   Prostatic Neoplasms    Tumor type: germline, tumor.     br / Technology used in this study:   Complete Genomics Assembler Version 1.2.0; File Format Version: July 2009   Illumina HumanHap550v3.0   Agilent SureSelectXT Human All Exon 50Mb       Assay types used:   Whole Exome (NGS)   SNV (.MAF)       
 phs000779.v1.p1 - OFCCR SNP-CpG   dbGaP Study Information:       Type of study: Case-Control   Study design: Case-Control     br / Number of documents: 0   Number of variables: 15   Number of participants: 2402   Number of analyses: 0     br / Projects in this study:   National Human Genome Research Institute    Diseases:   Colorectal Neoplasms   Colorectal Neoplasms      br / Technology used in this study:   Affymetrix Mapping250K\ Nsp   Affymetrix Mapping250K\ Sty   Affymetrix Mapping50K\ Hind240   Affymetrix Mapping50K\ Xba240   Illumina Human Methylation 450 v.1.1       Assay types used:   Methylation (CpG)   SNP Genotypes (Array)       
 phs000847.v2.p1 - T2D-GENES: San Antonio Mexican American Family Studies (SAMAFS)   dbGaP Study Information:       Type of study: Family, Longitudinal, Mixed, Case-Control   Study design: Prospective Longitudinal Cohort     br / Number of documents: 0   Number of variables: 326   Number of participants: 1539   Number of analyses: 0     br / Projects in this study:   National Institute of Diabetes and Digestive and Kidney Diseases    Diseases:   Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2   Obesity   Heart Diseases   Kidney Diseases   Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2    Tumor type: germline, unspecified.     br / Technology used in this study:   Complete Genomics Assembler Version 1.11; File Format Version: 1.6   Illumina HumanHap550v3.0   Illumina Human660W-Quad\ v1\ A   Illumina Human 1M v1   Illumina Human1M-Duov3\ B   Illumina HumanExome-12 v1.1 BeadChip   Illumina Sentrix Human-6 Expression BeadChip   Agilent SureSelect Human All Exon v2 - 44Mb   Illumina HiSeq 2000       Assay types used:   SNP Genotypes (Array)   Whole Genome (NGS)   Whole Exome (NGS)   mRNA Expression (Array)   SNP Genotypes (NGS)       
 phs000479.v1.p1 - NHLBI Exome Sequencing in SCID   dbGaP Study Information:       Type of study: Parent-Offspring Trios   Study design: Family/Twin/Trios     br / Number of documents: 1   Number of variables: 36   Number of participants: 3   Number of analyses: 0     br / Projects in this study:   National Heart, Lung, Blood Institute    Diseases:   Severe Combined Immunodeficiency   Severe Combined Immunodeficiency      br / Technology used in this study:   Agilent SureSelect Human All Exon v.1 Kit   Illumina Genome Analyzer IIX   Affymetrix Cytogenetics Whole-Genome 2.7M Array       Assay types used:   Whole Exome    
 phs000382.v2.p1 - CIDR Whole Exome Sequencing in Joubert Syndrome   dbGaP Study Information:       Type of study: Cohort, Family, Exome Sequencing   Study design: Case Set     br / Number of documents: 0   Number of variables: 17   Number of participants: 47   Number of analyses: 0     br / Projects in this study:   National Institute of Neurological Disorders and Stroke    Diseases:   Joubert syndrome 1   Developmental Delay Disorders   Cerebellar Ataxias   COACH syndrome   Polycystic Kidney, Autosomal Recessive   Spastic Paraplegia, Hereditary   Walker-Warburg Syndrome   Mental Retardation   Leber Congenital Amaurosis   Joubert syndrome 1      br / Technology used in this study:   Illumina HiSeq Platform (indexed, 75bp, paired-end runs)   Agilent SureSelect Human All Exon 50Mb Target Enrichment Kit       Assay types used:   Whole Exome (NGS)   SNP Genotypes (NGS)       
 phs000459.v1.p1 - CIDR Whole Exome Sequencing of Multiplex Cleft Families   dbGaP Study Information:       Type of study: Case Set, Multiplex Families   Study design: Family/Twin/Trios     br / Number of documents: 0   Number of variables: 17   Number of participants: 115   Number of analyses: 0     br / Projects in this study:   Center for Inherited Disease Research    Diseases:   Cleft Lip   Cleft Palate   Congenital Abnormalities   Stomatognathic System Abnormalities   Cleft Lip    Tumor type: germline, unspecified.     br / Technology used in this study:   Illumina HiSeq Platform (indexed, 75bp, paired-end runs)   Agilent SureSelect Human All Exon 50Mb Target Enrichment Kit       Assay types used:   Whole Exome    
 phs000205.v6.p2 - International Standards for Cytogenomic Arrays   dbGaP Study Information:       Type of study: Clinical Genetic Testing   Study design: Case Set     br / Number of documents: 0   Number of variables: 18   Number of participants: 53936   Number of analyses: 0     br / Projects in this study:   National Institute of Child Health and Human Development    Diseases:   Developmental Disabilities   Intellectual disability   Autistic Disorder   Congenital Abnormalities   Developmental Disabilities    Tumor type: germline, unspecified.     br / Technology used in this study:   Affymetrix Genome Wide Human SNP Array 6.0 for Cytogenetics   Agilent Custom HD-CGH Microarray   Agilent Human Genome CGH Microarray 44K   Agilent ISCA 180K   Agilent ISCA 44K v1;v2   Agilent ISCA 8x60K   Agilent SurePrint G3 Human CGH Microarray   Bluegnome Cytochip 105K   Bluegnome Cytochip 180K       Assay types used:   CNV Genotypes    
 phs000785.v1.p1 - Sequencing Analysis of Cutaneous Squamous Cell Carcinoma   dbGaP Study Information:       Type of study: Cohort   Study design: Prospective Longitudinal Cohort     br / Number of documents: 0   Number of variables: 0   Number of participants: 210   Number of analyses: 0     br / Projects in this study:   National Institute of Arthritis and Musculoskeletal and Skin Diseases    Diseases:   Carcinoma, Squamous Cell   Skin cancer   Carcinoma, Squamous Cell    Tumor type: germline, tumor.     br / Technology used in this study:   Affymetrix OncoScan  FFPE Assay Kit   Roche NimbleGen SeqCap EZ Human Exome Library v2.0   Roche NimbleGen SeqCap EZ Choice Library       Assay types used:   SNP Genotypes (Array)   Targeted Genome (NGS)   Whole Exome (NGS)       
 phs000558.v1.p1 - Glaucoma Exome Sequencing   dbGaP Study Information:       Type of study: Case Set   Study design: Case Set     br / Number of documents: 0   Number of variables: 21   Number of participants: 175   Number of analyses: 0     br / Projects in this study:   National Eye Institute    Diseases:   Glaucoma   Glaucoma      br / Technology used in this study:   Roche NimbleGen SeqCap EZ Human Exome Library v2.0   Roche NimbleGen SeqCap EZHuman Exome Library v3.0   Illumina HiSeq 2000       Assay types used:   Whole Exome    
 phs000145.v4.p2 - POPRES: Population Reference Sample   dbGaP Study Information:       Type of study: Population, Control Set   Study design: Case-Control     br / Number of documents: 0   Number of variables: 47   Number of participants: 8012   Number of analyses: 0     br / Projects in this study:   National Human Genome Research Institute    Diseases:   Normalcy   Normalcy    Tumor type: germline, unspecified.     br / Technology used in this study:   Affymetrix Mapping250K\ Nsp   Affymetrix Mapping250K\ Sty   Illumina Genome Analyzer IIX   Roche NimbleGen High Density 2.1M Human Exome Array       Assay types used:   SNP Genotypes (Array)   SNP Genotypes (NGS)       
 phs000491.v1.p1 - Whole-Genome and Exome Sequencing in Clear-Cell Renal Cell Carcinoma   dbGaP Study Information:       Type of study: Case Set   Study design: Case-Control     br / Number of documents: 0   Number of variables: 30   Number of participants: 3   Number of analyses: 0     br / Projects in this study:   National Cancer Institute    Diseases:   Carcinoma, Renal Cell   Urogenital Neoplasms   Urologic Diseases   Carcinoma, Renal Cell    Tumor type: germline, tumor.     br / Technology used in this study:   Illumina Genome Analyzer II   Illumina Genome Analyzer II   Affymetrix AFFY\ 6.0   Affymetrix Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 Array       Assay types used:   SNP Genotypes (Array)   mRNA Expression (Array)   Whole Exome (NGS)   Whole Genome (NGS)       
 phs000748.v4.p3 - Multiple Myeloma CoMMpass Study   dbGaP Study Information:       Type of study: Longitudinal   Study design: Prospective Longitudinal Cohort     br / Number of documents: 0   Number of variables: 29   Number of participants: 851   Number of analyses: 0     br / Projects in this study:   National Cancer Institute    Diseases:   Multiple Myeloma   Neoplasms, Plasma Cell   Multiple Myeloma    Tumor type: germline, tumor.     br / Technology used in this study:   Illumina TruSeq Exome Enrichment Kit   Agilent SureSelect Human All Exon + UTRs Library   Illumina TruSeq Stranded mRNA Sample Prep Kit       Assay types used:   RNA Seq (NGS)   Whole Genome (NGS)   Whole Exome (NGS)       
 phs000917.v1.p1 - MIGen ExS: PROMIS   dbGaP Study Information:       Type of study: Case-Control   Study design: Case-Control     br / Number of documents: 0   Number of variables: 10   Number of participants: 7298   Number of analyses: 0     br / Projects in this study:   National Heart, Lung, Blood Institute    Diseases:   Coronary Artery Disease   Coronary Artery Disease      br / Technology used in this study:   Illumina HiSeq 2000   Illumina HiSeq 2500   Agilent SureSelect Human All Exon v.2 Kit   Illumina ICE Capture Reagent       Assay types used:   SNP/CNV Genotypes (NGS)   Whole Exome (NGS)       
 phs000334.v1.p1 - NHLBI GO-ESP: Lung Cohorts Exome Sequencing Project (Acute Lung Injury)   dbGaP Study Information:       Type of study: Case-Control   Study design: Case-Control     br / Number of documents: 0   Number of variables: 5   Number of participants: 1536   Number of analyses: 0     br / Projects in this study:   National Heart, Lung, Blood Institute   NHLBI GO-ESP    Diseases:   Acute Lung Injury   Shock, Septic   Acute Lung Injury    Tumor type: germline, unspecified.     br / Technology used in this study:   Illumina Infinium HumanExome BeadChip   Roche NimbleGen SeqCap EZ Human Exome Library v2.0   Illumina Genome Analyzer IIX   Illumina HiSeq1000       Assay types used:   SNP Genotypes (Array)   Whole Exome (NGS)       
 phs000816.v2.p1 - Characterization of X Chromosome Inactivation by High-throughput Sequencing   dbGaP Study Information:       Type of study: Parent-Offspring Trios   Study design: Family/Twin/Trios     br / Number of documents: 0   Number of variables: 63   Number of participants: 424   Number of analyses: 0     br / Projects in this study:   National Human Genome Research Institute    Diseases:   X Chromosome Inactivation   Genes, X-Linked   Neurobehavioral Manifestations   Chromosome Deletion   Aicardi Syndrome   Intellectual disability   X Chromosome Inactivation    Tumor type: germline, unspecified.     br / Technology used in this study:   Illumina TruSeq RNA Sample Prep Kit v2   Illumina TruSeq Exome Enrichment Kit   Illumina TruSeq DNA PCR-Free Sample Preparation Kit   Agilent SureSelect Human All Exon V4       Assay types used:   RNA Seq (NGS)   Whole Genome (NGS)   Whole Exome (NGS)   SNP Genotypes (NGS)       
 phs000840.v1.p1 - GoT2D   dbGaP Study Information:       Type of study: Case-Control   Study design: Case-Control     br / Number of documents: 0   Number of variables: 33   Number of participants: 2348   Number of analyses: 0     br / Projects in this study:   National Institute of Diabetes and Digestive and Kidney Diseases    Diseases:   Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus   Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus      br / Technology used in this study:   Illumina HumanOmni2.5-8 (Omni2.5)   Agilent SureSelect Human All Exon v2 - 44Mb   Illumina Genome Analyzer II   Illumina HiSeq 2000   Sage Science Pippin Prep       Assay types used:   Whole Genome (NGS)   SNP/CNV Genotypes (NGS)   Whole Exome (NGS)       
 ClinGen Laboratory-Submitted Copy number variation identified through the course of routine clinical cytogenomic testing in postnatal populations, with clinical assertions as classified by the original submitter.
 phs000971.v1.p1 - NHGRI ClinSeq   dbGaP Study Information:       Type of study: Case Set   Study design: Case Set     br / Number of documents: 0   Number of variables: 177   Number of participants: 1001   Number of analyses: 0     br / Projects in this study:   National Human Genome Research Institute    Diseases:   Atherosclerosis   Atherosclerosis      br / Technology used in this study:   Illumina HiSeq 2500   Agilent SureSelect ICGC   Agilent SureSelect Index   Agilent SureSelect Human All Exon V4   Illumina TruSeq   Illumina Genome Analyzer II       Assay types used:   SNP/CNV Genotypes (NGS)   Whole Exome (NGS)       
 phs000571.v3.p2 - Pediatric Cardiac Genetics Consortium (PCGC)   dbGaP Study Information:       Type of study: Cohort, Parent-Offspring Trios   Study design: Prospective Longitudinal Cohort     br / Number of documents: 0   Number of variables: 453   Number of participants: 6260   Number of analyses: 0     br / Projects in this study:   National Heart, Lung, Blood Institute    Diseases:   Heart Defects, Congenital   br / Technology used in this study:   Roche NimbleGen High Density 2.1M Human Exome Array   Illumina HiSeq Custom capture   Illumina HumanOmni1-Quad\ v1-0\ C   Illumina HumanOmni25Exome-8v1\ A       Assay types used:   Targeted Exome (NGS)   RNA Seq (NGS)   SNP Genotypes (Array)   Whole Genome (NGS)   Whole Exome (NGS)       
 phs000607.v2.p2 - Neurodevelopmental Genomics: Trajectories of Complex Phenotypes   dbGaP Study Information:       Type of study: Cohort   Study design: Prospective Longitudinal Cohort     br / Number of documents: 2   Number of variables: 932   Number of participants: 9496   Number of analyses: 0     br / Projects in this study:   National Institute of Mental Health    Diseases:   Mental Processes   Mental Processes      br / Technology used in this study:   Affymetrix AFFY\ 6.0   Affymetrix Axiom Genome-Wide Human Origins   Illumina HumanHap550v1.1   Illumina HumanHap550v3.0   Illumina Human610\ Quadv1\ B   Illumina Human1M-Duov3\ B   Illumina HumanOmniExpress-12v1.0   Illumina HumanOmniExpressExome-8v1       Assay types used:   SNP Genotypes    
 phs000798.v1.p1 - Performance Characteristics of Selective Targeted Enrichment in Genetic Diagnostic Testing   dbGaP Study Information:       Type of study: Control Set   Study design: Control Set     br / Number of documents: 0   Number of variables: 17   Number of participants: 4   Number of analyses: 0     br / Projects in this study:   National Eye Institute    Diseases:   Genetic Testing   Genetic Testing      br / Technology used in this study:   Illumina HumanOmni2.5-8 (Omni2.5)   Agilent SureSelect Human All Exon V5+UTR   Illumina HiSeq 2000   Agilent Custom SureSelect targeted enrichment GEDi capture kit   Illumina HiSeq 2000       Assay types used:   SNP Genotypes (Array)   Targeted Genome (NGS)   Whole Exome (NGS)       
 phs000797.v1.p1 - CTLA4 Haploinsufficiency and Immune Dysregulation   dbGaP Study Information:       Type of study: Case Set   Study design: Case Set     br / Number of documents: 0   Number of variables: 27   Number of participants: 5   Number of analyses: 0     br / Projects in this study:   National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases    Diseases:   Autoimmune enteropathy   Immunodeficiencies, Common Variable   Lung Diseases, Interstitial   Intracranial Central Nervous System Disorders   Anemia, Hemolytic, Autoimmune   Autoimmune Thrombocytopenia   Autoimmune enteropathy      br / Technology used in this study:   Agilent SureSelect 38Mb   Agilent SureSelect Human All Exon v3 - 50Mb   Illumina HiSeq 2500   Life Sciences Solutions Group of Thermo Fisher Scientific SOLiD Next-Generation Sequencing       Assay types used:   SNP Genotypes    
 phs000516.v1.p1 - Genome Sequencing of Pancreatic Ductal Adenocarcinoma   dbGaP Study Information:       Type of study: Case Set   Study design: Case Set     br / Number of documents: 0   Number of variables: 36   Number of participants: 24   Number of analyses: 0     br / Projects in this study:   National Human Genome Research Institute    Diseases:   Carcinoma, Pancreatic Ductal   Carcinoma, Pancreatic Ductal    Tumor type: germline, tumor, unspecified.     br / Technology used in this study:   Roche NimbleGen CCDS   Roche NimbleGen VCRome 2.1 (HGSC design)   Roche NimbleGen SeqCap EZ Human Exome Library v2.0   Applied Biosystems SOLiD   Illumina HiSeq 2000       Assay types used:   Whole Exome    
 phs000452.v2.p1 - Melanoma Genome Sequencing Project   dbGaP Study Information:       Type of study: Case Set   Study design: Case Set     br / Number of documents: 0   Number of variables: 30   Number of participants: 234   Number of analyses: 0     br / Projects in this study:   National Human Genome Research Institute    Diseases:   Melanoma   Melanoma    Tumor type: germline, tumor.     br / Technology used in this study:   Affymetrix AFFY\ 6.0   Illumina HiSeq 2000   Illumina HiSeq 2000   Illumina HiSeq 2000   Agilent SureSelect Human All Exon v.2 Kit   Illumina TruSeq RNA Access Library Prep V1.0       Assay types used:   RNA Seq (NGS)   SNP Genotypes (Array)   Whole Genome (NGS)   Whole Exome (NGS)   SNV Aggregate (.MAF)       
 phs000516.v2.p1 - Genome Sequencing of Pancreatic Ductal Adenocarcinoma   dbGaP Study Information:       Type of study: Case Set   Study design: Case Set     br / Number of documents: 0   Number of variables: 37   Number of participants: 59   Number of analyses: 0     br / Projects in this study:   National Human Genome Research Institute    Diseases:   Carcinoma, Pancreatic Ductal   Carcinoma, Pancreatic Ductal    Tumor type: germline, tumor.     br / Technology used in this study:   Roche NimbleGen CCDS   Roche NimbleGen VCRome 2.1 (HGSC design)   Roche NimbleGen SeqCap EZ Human Exome Library v2.0   Applied Biosystems SOLiD   Illumina HiSeq 2000       Assay types used:   Targeted Genome (NGS)   Whole Exome (NGS)       
 phs001066.v1.p1 - DNA and RNA Sequence of an Acute Lymphoblastic Leukemia   dbGaP Study Information:       Type of study: Case Set   Study design: Case Set     br / Number of documents: 0   Number of variables: 13   Number of participants: 1   Number of analyses: 0     br / Projects in this study:   National Cancer Institute    Diseases:   Neoplasms   Leukemia   Neoplasms    Tumor type: germline, tumor.     br / Technology used in this study:   Illumina HiSeq   Illumina HiSeq X   Roche NimbleGen SeqCap EZ Human Exome Library v2.0   Roche NimbleGen SeqCap EZHuman Exome Library v3.0   NuGEN Ovation RNA-Seq System V2       Assay types used:   RNA Seq (NGS)   Whole Genome (NGS)   Targeted Genome (NGS)   Whole Exome (NGS)       
 phs000655.v3.p1 - Genetics of Inherited Muscle Disease   dbGaP Study Information:       Type of study: Probands, Mendelian, Family   Study design: Collection     br / Number of documents: 0   Number of variables: 11   Number of participants: 708   Number of analyses: 0     br / Projects in this study:   National Human Genome Research Institute    Diseases:   Muscular Dystrophies   Myopathies, Structural, Congenital   Arthrogryposis   Muscular Dystrophies      br / Technology used in this study:   Agilent SureSelect Human All Exon v.2 Kit   Illumina Rapid Capture Exome Enrichment Kit   Illumina HiSeq 2000   Illumina HiSeq X Ten       Assay types used:   RNA Seq (NGS)   Whole Genome (NGS)   Whole Exome (NGS)   SNP Genotypes (NGS)       
 phs000462.v2.p1 - T2D-GENES Project 2: San Antonio Mexican American Family Studies (SAMAFS), Substudy 2: Whole Genome Sequencing in Pedigrees   dbGaP Study Information:       Type of study: Family, Mixed, Longitudinal   Study design: Family/Twin/Trios     br / Number of documents: 0   Number of variables: 272   Number of participants: 1048   Number of analyses: 0     br / Projects in this study:   National Institute of Diabetes and Digestive and Kidney Diseases    Diseases:   Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2   Obesity   Heart Diseases   Kidney Diseases   Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2      br / Technology used in this study:   Complete Genomics Assembler Version 1.11; File Format Version: 1.6   Illumina HumanHap550v3.0   Illumina HumanExon510-Sv1 DNA Analysis BeadChip (HumanExon510Sv1\ D)   Illumina Human660W-Quad\ v1\ A   Illumina Human 1M v1   Illumina Human1M-Duov3\ B   Illumina HumanExome-12 v1.1 BeadChip   Illumina Sentrix Human-6 Expression BeadChip       Assay types used:   SNP Genotypes (Array)   Whole Genome (NGS)   mRNA Expression (Array)   SNP Genotypes (NGS)       
 phs000101.v4.p1 - NIH Exome Sequencing of Familial Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis Project   dbGaP Study Information:       Type of study: Case-Control, Case Set   Study design: Case-Control     br / Number of documents: 5   Number of variables: 174   Number of participants: 3161   Number of analyses: 1     br / Projects in this study:   National Institute of Neurological Disorders and Stroke    Diseases:   Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis   Frontotemporal Dementia   Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis      br / Technology used in this study:   Illumina HumanHap300v1.1   Illumina HumanHap250Sv1.0   Illumina HumanHap550v3.0   Illumina HumanHap550v1.1   Illumina Human610\ Quadv1\ B   Illumina iSelect Custom Panel   Illumina TruSeq Exome Enrichment Kit   Illumina HiSeq 2000   Agilent SureSelect   Roche NimbleGen SeqCap EZ Human Exome Library v1.0   Roche NimbleGen SeqCap EZ Human Exome Library v2.0       Assay types used:   SNP Genotypes (Array)   SNP Genotypes (NGS)   Whole Exome (NGS)       
 phs001027.v2.p1 - Epigenomics Studies in Acute Myeloid Leukemia (AML)   dbGaP Study Information:       Type of study: Cohort   Study design: Prospective Longitudinal Cohort     br / Number of documents: 0   Number of variables: 32   Number of participants: 152   Number of analyses: 0     br / Projects in this study:   National Cancer Institute    Diseases:   Acute Myeloid Leukemia   Acute Myeloid Leukemia    Tumor type: germline, tumor.     br / Technology used in this study:   Agilent SureSelect Human All Exon V4   Agilent Human Exon V3 (Exon 50Mb)   Roche NimbleGen SeqCap EZHuman Exome Library v3.0   Illumina HiSeq 2000   Illumina TruSeq Nano DNA Library Prep Kit   Illumina HiSeq 2000   Illumina TruSeq RNA-Sequencing by polyA enrichment v2   Illumina HiSeq 2000   Clontech SMARTer Ultra Low RNA Kit for the Fluidigm C1 System   Illumina Nextera XT Kit   Illumina HiSeq 2000   Illumina HiSeq 2000       Assay types used:   RNA Seq (NGS)   Methylome sequencing   Whole Genome (NGS)   Whole Exome (NGS)       
 phs001036.v1.p1 - Genomic Characterization of Acral Melanoma   dbGaP Study Information:       Type of study: Tumor vs. Matched-Normal   Study design: Tumor vs. Matched-Normal     br / Number of documents: 0   Number of variables: 16   Number of participants: 34   Number of analyses: 0     br / Projects in this study:   National Cancer Institute    Diseases:   Melanoma   Melanoma    Tumor type: germline, tumor.     br / Technology used in this study:   KAPA Biosystems Kapa Hyper Library Preparation Kit   Illumina TruSeq RNA Library Preparation Kit V2   Illumina TruSeq RNA Access Library Prep V1.0   KAPA Biosystems Kapa Hyper Library Preparation Kit   Agilent SureSelect Human All Exon V5+UTR       Assay types used:   RNA Seq (NGS)   Whole Genome (NGS)   Whole Exome (NGS)   SNV Aggregate (.MAF)       
 phs000424.v6.p1 - Genotype-Tissue Expression (GTEx)   dbGaP Study Information:       Type of study: Tissue Expression, Reference Set   Study design: Cross-Sectional     br / Number of documents: 1   Number of variables: 253   Number of participants: 572   Number of analyses: 0     br / Projects in this study:   National Human Genome Research Institute    Diseases:   Reference Values   Reference Values    Tumor type: germline, tumor, unspecified.     br / Technology used in this study:   Illumina HumanOmni5-Quad   Illumina HumanOmni2.5   Illumina Infinium HumanExome BeadChip   Illumina HiSeq 2000   Illumina HiSeq 2000   Affymetrix GeneChip Human Gene 1.0 ST Array   Illumina HiSeq 2000   Illumina HiSeq X Ten       Assay types used:   Allele-Specific Expression   RNA Seq (NGS)   RNA Seq (NGS)   RNA Seq (NGS)   SNP Genotypes (Array)   SNP Genotypes (imputed)   SNP/CNV Genotypes (NGS)   Whole Exome (NGS)   Whole Genome (NGS)   mRNA Expression (Array)       
 phs000767.v1.p1 - The UC San Diego Chronic Lymphocytic Leukemia (CLL) Study   dbGaP Study Information:       Type of study: Tumor vs. Matched-Normal   Study design: Tumor vs. Matched-Normal     br / Number of documents: 0   Number of variables: 27   Number of participants: 49   Number of analyses: 0     br / Projects in this study:   National Cancer Institute    Diseases:   Chronic Lymphocytic Leukemia   Chronic Lymphocytic Leukemia    Tumor type: germline, tumor, unspecified.     br / Technology used in this study:   Illumina HumanOmni2.5-4v1\ B   Illumina HumanOmni2.5-8 (Omni2.5)   Illumina Infinium HumanMethylation450 BeadChip   Illumina TruSeq Custom Amplicon   Illumina MiSeq   Agilent SureSelect Human All Exon 50Mb Target Enrichment Kit   Illumina HiSeq 2000   Clontech SMART cDNA Library Construction Kit   Illumina HiSeq 2000       Assay types used:   RNA Seq (NGS)   SNP Genotypes (Array)   Methylation (CpG)   Whole Exome (NGS)   Genomic Sequence Amplicon (NGS)   CNV Genotypes       
